<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<title>The Naked Emperor</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta name="viewport" content="initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1" />

<head>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery_1.7.2.min.js"></script>
    <script src="js/reader_reusables.js" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8"></script>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/master.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/style.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/page_flip.css" />
</head>

<body>
    <div epub:type="chapter" id="chapter1">
        <div class="inner_level_chooser">
            <div class="main_pagetitle">
                <h1 class="hello main_title">The Naked Emperor</h1>
            </div>
            <span class="smalltextspan">
                You are currently reading Level
                <select id="your_level_dd" name="choose_your_level_dd" onchange="choose_level(this.value);">
                    <option value="1">C</option>
                    <option value="2" selected="selected">E</option>
                    <option value="3">G</option>
                </select>
            </span>
        </div>
        <div id="div_levelOne_48_1">
            <h2 class="chapter_1">Section 1</h2>
            <p>
                <span class="char-style-override-1">M</span>any years ago there was an emperor who spent all his money on new clothes. He spent every hour of the day in his dressing room.</p>
            <p>The emperor lived in a great city that had people from all over the world. One day, two crooks who said they made fine fabrics came to this city. They said that their fabric was so nice that you could only see it if you were smart and good at your job.</p>
            <p>The emperor thought that this must be beautiful fabric, and it would show him which people are smart. &#34;I must have them make me some fabric,&#34; he said. He gave a lot of money to the crooks so that they would start their work quickly.</p>
            <p>The crooks looked like they were working very hard. They asked for silk and fine thread, but then they secretly sold it to make more money. They sat at the looms all day. No one could tell that the crooks were lying.</p>
            <p>The emperor wondered how the crooks were doing with the fabric. He was scared that he would not see the magic fabric, so he did not want to look yet.</p>
            <p>The emperor decided to send one of his assistants to check on the weavers. This assistant was very wise, and he was good at his job.</p>
            <p>The assistant went into the room where the crooks sat. He could not see any fabric, which he thought was strange. He had been told that if he were smart, he would be able to see the fabric. The assistant worried that if people found out, he might lose his job!</p>
            <p>The two crooks told him to come closer. &#34;What do you think of the fabric we are weaving?&#34; said one of the crooks. He pretended to work. The assistant tried harder, but he still did not see any fabric on the looms.</p>
            <p>The assistant decided to lie so he could keep his job. &#34;It is very pretty,&#34; he said. &#34;What a pattern! What nice colors! I will tell the emperor that this fabric is very fine.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;We are happy to hear that,&#34; said the two crooks. They told him exactly what the pattern looked like. He listened closely so he could tell the emperor what it looked like.</p>
            <p>The crooks asked for more money, silk, and thread. They were sneaky, and they hid everything and only pretended to work.</p>
            <p>A few days later, the emperor sent another man to see if the fabric was done. He looked, but he also saw nothing.</p>
            <p>&#34;Do you like the fabric?&#34; asked the two crooks. They told the man about the fine pattern.</p>
            <p>The man knew he was not stupid. He wondered if he was wrong for his job. The man could not tell anyone, or the emperor might fire him! He told the emperor he liked it very much, just like the assistant the emperor had sent.</p>
            <h2 class="chapter_2">Section 2</h2>
            <p>All of the people in the village talked about the fabric. At last the emperor wanted to see it himself. He went to the two crooks with some of his officials. The crooks now pretended to work as hard as they could.</p>
            <p>The two officials who had been there before pointed to the looms. &#34;Look at the fabric, Emperor,&#34; they said. &#34;Do you like the colors?&#34;</p>
            <p>The emperor did not see any fabric, and he wondered whether he was not smart. He did not want anyone else to know.</p>
            <p>The emperor decided to lie. &#34;It&#39;s beautiful!&#34; he said to the crooks. &#34;You have done a fine job!&#34;</p>
            <p>All of his men looked and looked. They could not see the fabric either, because there was nothing there. But they did not know that nobody else saw the fabric. &#34;We all agree that it is very beautiful,&#34; they lied.</p>
            <p>&#34;We are glad you like it,&#34; said the crooks. &#34;We will have a suit made from this fabric right away.&#34;</p>
            <p>Everyone told the emperor to wear the new suit at a big parade. &#34;Great idea!&#34; the emperor said. &#34;I will wear the suit to the parade so everyone can see how nice they are!&#34; Everyone seemed to be happy. Still no one knew that the crooks were lying about the magic fabric.</p>
            <p>The night before the day of the parade, the crooks pretended to work. They seemed busy and said they were almost done with the emperor&#39;s suit. They moved their hands around the loom, and took out big tools. At last, they said: &#34;The emperor&#39;s new suit is ready now.&#34;</p>
            <p>The emperor and his men came to the hall. The crooks held their arms up in the air and said, &#34;These are the pants! This is the coat! Here is the shirt! They are all light, and you will feel naked. That is just because the fabric is so nice.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;Yes, it is nice!&#34; everyone said. But they could not see the suit, because there was nothing there.</p>
            <p>&#34;Can we help you get dressed?&#34; said the crooks to the emperor. &#34;Stand in front of this mirror, please.&#34;</p>
            <p>The crooks pretended to dress the emperor. When he had all of the clothes on, the emperor looked at himself in the mirror. He saw only his naked body, and he was startled. The emperor wanted everyone to think that he could see his new suit, so he tried to look calm.</p>
            <p>&#34;How nice it looks! How well it fits!&#34; said everyone in the room. &#34;What a pretty pattern! What colors! This is a great suit!&#34;</p>
            <p>Finally, all of the people in the parade were ready.</p>
            <p>&#34;I am ready,&#34; said the emperor. &#34;Is this not the best suit?&#34; He went back to the mirror one last time.</p>
            <p>His helpers led the king through the parade. They were careful not to let anyone know that they could not see any clothes.</p>
            <p>Everyone who saw the emperor in the street said, &#34;Wow, what a nice suit!&#34; Nobody wanted to seem stupid, so nobody said they did not see his suit.</p>
            <p>Finally, a little child said, &#34;But the emperor is naked!&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;Everyone listen to this girl,&#34; said her father. The people talked about what the child had said.</p>
            <p>&#34;But the emperor is naked!&#34; everyone said. This made the emperor nervous. He thought that maybe the people were right. He was very embarrassed, but still he did not want to seem stupid, so he kept marching. His men walked with him and helped him with his pretend suit. But it was too late. The people in the crowd knew that the emperor was walking down the street naked. They would never see the emperor the same way again.</p>
        </div>
        <div id="div_levelTwo_48_1">
            <h2 class="chapter_1">Section 1</h2>
            <p>
                <span class="char-style-override-1">M</span>any, many years ago there lived an emperor who liked new clothes so much that he spent all his money on them. His only goal in life was to be well dressed. He did not care about his soldiers, and the theater did not amuse him. The only thing, in fact, that he cared about was showing off his new clothes. He had a different coat for every hour of the day, and he spent as much time in his dressing room as a chef spends in his kitchen.</p>
            <p>The emperor lived in a great city. Every day many strangers from all parts of the globe arrived. One day two swindlers, who lied to the people and said they were weavers, came to this city. They said that they could weave the finest fabric imaginable. They claimed that their colors and patterns were not only beautiful, but that the suits made of their fabric were invisible to any man who was too stupid or unfit for his office.</p>
            <p>&#34;That must be wonderful fabric,&#34; thought the emperor. &#34;I must have it woven for me. If I were to be dressed in this fabric I could find out which people in my empire were unfit for their jobs, and I could tell the clever from the stupid.&#34;</p>
            <p>He gave a large sum of money to the swindlers, in advance, so that they would get right to work. The swindlers set up two looms for weaving and pretended to work very hard. They asked for the finest silk and the most precious gold threads. They sold everything they got to make more money, but they worked at the empty looms until late at night.</p>
            <p>&#34;I wonder how they are doing with the fabric,&#34; thought the emperor. He felt uneasy when he remembered that he who was unfit for his office could not see the magic fabric. He was fairly sure that he had nothing to fear, but to be safe he decided to send someone else to check on the weavers. Everybody in the town knew about the fabric, and they all wanted to see how bad or stupid their neighbors were.</p>
            <p>&#34;I will send my most honest government official to the weavers,&#34; thought the emperor. &#34;He can judge best how the fabric looks. He is smart, and nobody understands his office better than he does.&#34;</p>
            <p>The official went into the room where the swindlers sat before the empty looms. &#34;This is strange,&#34; he thought, &#34;I cannot see anything at all on the looms.&#34; Both swindlers asked him to come closer. They pointed to the empty looms and asked him if he did not admire the outstanding pattern and the beautiful colors.</p>
            <p>The poor official tried harder, but he could still see nothing, for there was nothing to be seen. &#34;Oh dear,&#34; he thought, &#34;Am I stupid? I thought I was more intelligent than this. Nobody can know! Is it possible that I do not deserve my job? No, no, I cannot say that I was unable to see the fine fabric.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;Now, have you got nothing to say?&#34; said one of the swindlers. He pretended to be weaving.</p>
            <p>&#34;Oh, the fabric is very pretty,&#34; replied the old minister, looking through his glasses. &#34;What a beautiful pattern, what nice colors! I will tell the emperor that I like it very much.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;We are pleased to hear that,&#34; said the two weavers, and they described the colors and the pattern. The old minister listened carefully so he could tell the emperor what they said.</p>
            <p>Now the swindlers asked for more money, silk, and the finest threads, which they said they required for weaving. They kept everything for themselves and still no threads came near the empty loom. They sat at the looms all day and night, faking their work.</p>
            <p>Soon the emperor sent another honest member of his court to the weavers to see if the fabric was nearly finished. Like the previous minister, he looked and looked but could see nothing.</p>
            <p>&#34;Isn&#39;t this beautiful fabric?&#34; asked the two swindlers, showing and explaining the imaginary pattern.</p>
            <p>&#34;I am not stupid,&#34; thought the man, &#34;so then I must not be fit for my office. This is very strange, but I cannot let any one know;&#34; and he praised the fabric, which he did not see. He too expressed his joy at the beautiful colors and the fine pattern. &#34;It is the finest fabric I have ever seen,&#34; he told the emperor.</p>
            <h2 class="chapter_2">Section 2</h2>
            <p>Everybody in the whole town talked about the precious fabric. At last the emperor wished to see it himself, while it was still on the loom. He went to the two clever swindlers with some members of his court. The swindlers now worked as hard as they could, but without using any thread.</p>
            <p>&#34;Is it not magnificent?&#34; said the two old officials who had been there before. &#34;Your Majesty must admire the colors and the pattern.&#34; They pointed to the empty looms, for they imagined the others could see the fabric.</p>
            <p>&#34;How peculiar!&#34; thought the emperor, &#34;I do not see anything at all. That is terrible! Am I stupid? Am I unfit to be emperor? That would be the worst thing that could happen to me.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;Really,&#34; he said, turning to the weavers, &#34;your fabric has our highest approval.&#34; Nodding excitedly, he looked at the empty loom, for he did not want to say that he saw nothing.</p>
            <p>All of his attendants looked and looked. Although they could not see anything more than the others could, they said, &#34;This fabric is extraordinary.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;We are pleased to hear that,&#34; said the swindlers. &#34;We will make a suit from this fabric immediately.&#34;</p>
            <p>Everyone encouraged the emperor to wear the new magnificent suit at a great procession which was soon to take place. &#34;Great idea!&#34; said the emperor. &#34;This suit is made from fantastic fabric, and I will wear it in the procession so everyone can see how nice it is.&#34; Everybody seemed to be delighted, and the emperor appointed the two swindlers &#34;Imperial Court weavers.&#34;</p>
            <p>The day before the procession was to take place, the swindlers pretended to work deep into the night. To everyone who passed by they appeared busy and eager to finish the emperor&#39;s new suit. They pretended to take the fabric from the loom, moved a pair of large scissors around in the air, and used needles to sew without thread. Finally, they said: &#34;The emperor&#39;s new suit is ready now.&#34;</p>
            <p>The emperor and all his barons came to the hall. The swindlers held their arms up as if they had something in their hands and said: &#34;These are the pants!&#34; &#34;This is the coat!&#34; and &#34;Here is the cloak!&#34; and so on. &#34;They are all as light as a cobweb, and you will feel as if you are wearing nothing at all; but that is just the beauty of the fine fabric.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;Indeed!&#34; said all of the members of the court, but they could not see anything, for there was nothing to be seen.</p>
            <p>&#34;Does it please your Majesty now to undress,&#34; said the swindlers, &#34;that we may assist your Majesty in putting on the new suit before the large mirror?&#34;</p>
            <p>The emperor undressed, and the swindlers pretended to dress him in his new suit, putting on one piece after another. The emperor looked at himself in the mirror from every side.</p>
            <p>&#34;How nice it looks, and how well it fits!&#34; everyone said. &#34;What a beautiful pattern! What fine colors! This is a magnificent suit!&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;I am ready,&#34; said the emperor. &#34;Does not my suit fit me perfectly?&#34; He turned once more to the mirror so his attendants would think he admired his new garments.</p>
            <p>The assistants stretched their arms to the ground as if they were lifting up a train, and they pretended to hold something in their hands. They were careful not to let the townspeople know that they could not see anything.</p>
            <p>The emperor marched in the procession under a beautiful canopy, and everyone who saw him in the street and through the windows exclaimed: &#34;Indeed, the emperor&#39;s new suit is incredible! What a long train he has, and how noble he looks!&#34; Nobody wished to let anyone else know he saw nothing, for he did not want to be seen as stupid or unfit for his office. An emperor&#39;s suit had never been more admired.</p>
            <p>&#34;But he has nothing on at all,&#34; said a little child at last. &#34;The emperor is completely naked!&#34; &#34;Good heavens! Listen to the voice of this innocent child,&#34; said his father, and the people in the crowd whispered to each other what the child had said. &#34;But the emperor has nothing on at all,&#34; cried the crowd at last. That made the emperor wonder, for he thought that they may have been right. He was very embarrassed, but he said to himself, &#34;Now I must continue on to the end.&#34; The emperor and his attendants walked with still greater dignity, but the people in the crowd would never see the emperor the same way again.</p>
        </div>
        <div id="div_levelThree_48_1">
            <h2 class="chapter_1">Section 1</h2>
            <p>
                <span class="char-style-override-1">M</span>any, many years ago there lived an emperor, who thought so much of new clothes that he spent all his money in order to obtain them; his only ambition was to be well dressed. He did not care about his soldiers, and the theater did not amuse him. The only thing, in fact, he cared about was showing off his new clothes. He had a coat for every hour of the day, and he spent as much time in his extravagant dressing room as a chef spends in his kitchen.</p>
            <p>The emperor resided in a great city; every day many strangers from all parts of the globe arrived. One day two swindlers arrived who convinced everyone they encountered that they were weavers, and they declared they could weave the finest fabric imaginable. Their colors and patterns, they said, were not only exceptionally beautiful, but their fabric possessed the unique quality of being invisible to any man who was unfit for his office or unpardonably stupid.</p>
            <p>&#34;That must be wonderful fabric,&#34; thought the emperor. &#34;If I were to be dressed in a suit made of this fabric I could find out which men in my empire were unfit for their positions, and I could distinguish the clever from the stupid. I must have this fabric woven for me immediately.&#34; The emperor gave a large sum of money to the swindlers, in advance, so that they would set to work without any loss of time. They set up two looms and pretended to do very careful and diligent work. They asked for the finest silk and the most precious gold-cloth; they sold all they got to make more money. They worked continuously at the empty looms until late at night.</p>
            <p>&#34;I should very much like to know how they are doing,&#34; thought the emperor. He felt rather apprehensive when he remembered that he who was not fit for his office could not see the magical fabric. Personally, he thought that he had nothing to fear, but he found it advisable to send somebody else first to see how matters stood. Everybody in the town knew what a remarkable quality the fabric possessed, and they all were anxious to see how bad or stupid their neighbors were.</p>
            <p>&#34;I will send my most honest government official to the weavers,&#34; thought the emperor. &#34;He will be the best judge of how the fabric looks, for he is intelligent, and nobody understands his office better than he does.&#34;</p>
            <p>The official went into the room where the swindlers sat before the empty looms. &#34;Heaven preserve us!&#34; he thought, and opened his eyes wide, &#34;I cannot see anything at all!&#34; He did not say this out loud. Both swindlers requested that he come close to the looms. They pointed to the empty looms and asked him if he did not admire the exquisite pattern and the beautiful colors. The poor official tried his best, but he could see nothing, for there was nothing to be seen. &#34;Oh dear,&#34; he thought, &#34;can I be so stupid? I should never have thought so, and nobody must know! Is it possible that I am not fit for my office? No, no, I must maintain my composure. I cannot say that I was unable to see the fine fabric.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;Now, have you got nothing to say?&#34; said one of the swindlers, while he pretended to be busy weaving.</p>
            <p>&#34;Oh, it is very pretty, exceedingly beautiful,&#34; replied the government official, looking intently through his spectacles. &#34;I am in awe. What a beautiful pattern, what brilliant colors! I will tell the emperor that I like the fabric very much.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;We are pleased to hear that,&#34; said the swindlers, and they described to him the colors and explained the curious pattern. The old minister listened attentively so he could tell the emperor what they said.</p>
            <p>Now the swindlers asked for more money, silk and gold-cloth, which they required for weaving. They kept everything for themselves, and still not a single thread came near the loom. Yet they continued, as they had since they arrived, to work at the empty looms.</p>
            <p>Soon afterwards the emperor sent another honest courtier to the weavers to see if the weavers were nearly finished with the fabric. Like the old minister, he looked and looked but could see nothing.</p>
            <p>&#34;Is is not beautiful fabric?&#34; asked the two swindlers, showing and explaining the magnificent pattern, which did not exist.</p>
            <p>&#34;I am not stupid,&#34; thought the man. &#34;It is therefore my position in the court for which I am not fit. It is very strange, but I must not let any one know;&#34; and he praised the fabric, which he did not see. He too expressed his joy at the beautiful colors and the fine pattern. &#34;Never in my life have I seen such excellent fabric,&#34; he told the emperor.</p>
            <h2 class="chapter_2">Section 2</h2>
            <p>Everybody in the whole town talked about the precious fabric. At last the emperor wished to see it himself, while it was still on the loom. The emperor went to the two clever swindlers, who now worked as hard as they could, but without using any thread. He brought some of his courtiers with him, including the two who had already been to check on the weavers.</p>
            <p>&#34;Is it not magnificent fabric?&#34; said the two old statesmen who had been there before. They insisted that the emperor admire the vibrant colors and the intricate pattern, and they pointed to the empty looms, for they imagined the others could see the fabric.</p>
            <p>&#34;How peculiar!&#34; thought the emperor, &#34;I do not see anything at all. That is terrible! Am I unintelligent, or am I unfit to be emperor? That would indeed be the most dreadful thing that could happen to me.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;Really,&#34; he said, turning to the weavers, &#34;your fabric has our most gracious approval;&#34; and nodding contentedly he looked at the empty loom, for he did not want to admit to the others that he saw nothing. All of his attendants looked and looked, and although they were merely pretending and saw only empty looms, they said, like the emperor, &#34;It is unanimous. We all think that this fabric is extraordinary.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;We are very pleased to hear that,&#34; said the swindlers. &#34;We will make a new suit from this fabric without delay.&#34;</p>
            <p>Everyone advised the emperor to wear the new magnificent suit at a great procession which was soon to take place. &#34;Fantastic idea!&#34; said the emperor. &#34;This suit is made from material that is superior to all other fabric, and I will wear it in the procession so everyone can see how incredible it is.&#34; Everybody seemed to be delighted, and the emperor appointed the two swindlers &#34;Imperial Court weavers.&#34;</p>
            <p>The whole night prior to the day on which the grand procession was to take place, the swindlers pretended to work at the looms. To everyone who passed they appeared busy and eager to finish the emperor&#39;s new suit; they pretended to take the fabric from the loom, they worked about in the air with enormous scissors, and they sewed with needles without any thread. Then they said at last: &#34;The emperor&#39;s new suit is ready for him now.&#34;</p>
            <p>The emperor and all his barons then came to the hall. The swindlers held their arms up in the air as if they held something in their hands and presented each piece in turn, saying: &#34;These are the trousers!&#34; &#34;This is the coat!&#34; and &#34;Here is the cloak!&#34; and so on. &#34;Their ingenious design makes them as soft and as light as a cobweb, and one must feel as if one had nothing at all upon the body; but that is just the beauty of the fine fabric.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;Indeed!&#34; said all the courtiers; but they could not see anything, for there was nothing to be seen.</p>
            <p>&#34;Does it please your Majesty now to graciously undress,&#34; said the swindlers, &#34;so that we may assist your Majesty in putting on the new suit before the floor-length mirror?&#34;</p>
            <p>The emperor undressed, and the swindlers pretended to put the new suit upon him, one piece after another; and the emperor looked at himself in the mirror from every side.</p>
            <p>&#34;How nice they look, and how well they fit!&#34; everyone said. &#34;What a beautiful pattern! What a multitude of colors! That is a magnificent set of clothes!&#34;</p>
            <p>The master of the ceremonies announced that the bearers of the canopy, which was to be carried in the procession, were ready. Feeling confident and sophisticated, the emperor declared that he too was ready. He asked his attendants, &#34;Does my suit not fit me marvellously?&#34; Then he turned once more to the mirror, so his attendants would think he admired his garments. The chamberlains stretched their hands to the ground as if they lifted up a train, and they pretended to hold something in their hands.</p>
            <p>The emperor marched in the procession under the beautiful canopy, and all who saw him in the street and through the windows exclaimed: &#34;Indeed, the emperor&#39;s new suit is incomparable! What a long train he has, and how noble he looks!&#34; The people in the crowd were reluctant to let others know they saw nothing, for then they would have been unfit for their offices or too stupid. No emperor&#39;s suit had ever been more admired.</p>
            <p>&#34;But he has nothing on at all,&#34; said a little child at last. &#34;The emperor is completely naked!&#34; &#34;Good heavens! Listen to the voice of an innocent child,&#34; said the father of the child, and the townspeople whispered to each other what the child had said until the voices of the crowd reached a low, monotonous roar. &#34;But he has nothing on at all,&#34; cried all of the people at last. That made a deep impression upon the emperor, for it seemed to him that they were right. He was ashamed at his foolishness, but he thought to himself, &#34;Now I must continue on to the end.&#34; The emperor and his attendants were resolute and walked for the duration of the parade with still greater dignity, but the people in the crowd would never see the emperor the same way again.</p>
        </div>
    </div>
</body>

</html>
