<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<title>Gold Rush! Book 1</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta name="viewport" content="initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1" />

<head>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery_1.7.2.min.js"></script>
    <script src="js/reader_reusables.js" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8"></script>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/master.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/style.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/page_flip.css" />
</head>

<body>
    <input type='hidden' name='delete_cookie' id='delete_cookie' value='1' />
    <div epub:type="chapter" id="chapter1">
        <div class="inner_level_chooser">
            <div class="main_pagetitle">
                <h1 id="story1_page" class="hello main_title">Gold Rush! Book 1</h1>
            </div>
            <span class="smalltextspan">
                You are currently reading Level
                <select id="your_level_dd" name="choose_your_level_dd" onchange="choose_level(this.value);">
                    <option value="1">D</option>
                    <option value="2" selected="selected">F</option>
                    <option value="3">H</option>
                    <option value="4">J</option>
                </select>
            </span>
        </div>
        <div id="div_levelOne_57_1">
            <h2 class="chapter_1">I.</h2>
            <p>
                <span class="char-style-override-1">W</span>hen he was born, his parents named him Christopher Bellew. In college, his friends called him Chris Bellew. When he moved to San Francisco, people called him Kit Bellew. But in the end he became Smoke Bellew. And Smoke Bellew was a very different person from Christopher Bellew.</p>
            <p>It all started when he received a letter from his old friend Gillet.</p>
            <p>"I have just seen a copy of that new magazine, the Billow," Gillet wrote. "Of course its owner, Mr. O'Hara, will make a lot of money with it. But it can be much better." After this Gillet wrote down a few ideas to make the paper better. "Go down to O&#39;Hara&#39;s office. Tell him you came up with these ideas. Tell him to get some fool to write a weekly article about San Francisco."</p>
            <p>So Kit Bellew went down to the office of the Billow to talk to Mr. O&#39;Hara. Mr. O'Hara listened to Kit&#39;s suggestions and agreed with all of them. But Mr. O'Hara was clever. He convinced Kit to write two weekly articles for the magazine about life in San Francisco.</p>
            <p>Kit agreed to work for free because the Billow didn&#39;t have any money. "Oh no, now I'm the fool Gillet was talking about!" Kit said to himself as he left the office.</p>
            <p>Week after week, Kit worked very hard at the Billow, but he never got paid. After a while he wanted to leave the magazine, but he didn&#39;t know how.</p>
            <p>One day had an idea how he could leave the Billow. He decided to convince Mr. O&#39;Hara that his eyes were going bad. First, he fell over a chair in front of his boss. A few minutes later he bumped into his desk, and then he flipped over a bottle of glue.</p>
            <p>"What&#39;s wrong with you? Are you tired?" Mr. O'Hara asked.</p>
            <p>Kit rubbed his eyes with his hands and looked around before answering.</p>
            <p>"No, it's not that. It's my eyes. I can&#39;t see as well as I used to."</p>
            <p>"I tell you what, Kit," said Mr. O&#39;Hara. "You've got to see an eye doctor. I know one named Doctor Hassdapple. He's excellent. And you can go for free. I&#39;ll give him some free ads in the magazine."</p>
            <p>The next day Kit went to see Dr. Hassdapple. "There's nothing wrong with your eyes," said the doctor. "Your eyes are perfect."</p>
            <p>"Don't tell Mr. O'Hara," Kit begged. "Give me a pair of glasses anyway."</p>
            <p>So he continued to work for the Billow, and Mr. O&#39;Hara still didn&#39;t pay him anything.</p>
            <p>Luckily for Kit, his family was very wealthy. They gave him some money every month. But now he was working so hard that he didn&#39;t even have time to spend his money on anything fun.</p>
            <p>The billow absorbed both his time and his money. When Mr. O&#39;Hara couldn&#39;t pay for something, Kit did.</p>
            <p>One day, news came back from Alaska that gold had been discovered in Canada. It was found in a part of Canada called the Yukon Territory, and in a part of the Yukon called the Klondike region. When this happened, Kit had a great idea.</p>
            <p>"Look here, Mr. O'Hara," he said. "This gold rush is going to be big. Like the California gold rush of 1849 all over again. Could I travel there and write about it for the Billow? I'll pay for the trip."</p>
            <p>Mr. O'Hara shook his head.</p>
            <p>"I need you in the office, Kit. You have to write those articles. Besides, I saw my old friend Mr. Jackson less than an hour ago and he&#39;s already going to the Klondike. He said he would write about the gold rush for the Billow and send pictures, and that he would do it all for free!</p>
            <p>The afternoon, he ran into his uncle, John Bellew, at the club.</p>
            <p>"Hello, Uncle," Kit said. "Won't you sit with me?"</p>
            <p>Kit ordered a cocktail, while his uncle picked a glass of his favorite red wine. His uncle looked with disapproval at the cocktail, and then at his nephew's face. Kit saw he was about to give a lecture.</p>
            <p>"I've only got a minute," Kit said quickly. "I've got to write an article about a new art exhibition."</p>
            <p>"What's the matter with you?" Kit&#39;s uncle demanded. "You're pale. You look unhealthy."</p>
            <p>Kit groaned.</p>
            <p>"You're not living right, Christopher,&#34; he said. &#34;I'm ashamed of you. Your life is too easy."</p>
            <p>John Bellew grew up in the wild west. He had lived a difficult life, and he was very tough.</p>
            <p>&#34;My life is not as easy as you think it is,&#34; Kit told his uncle. &#34;I work too hard, I have no free time.&#34;</p>
            <p>John Bellew laughed at him.</p>
            <p>"You work too hard?" he scolded. "You never earned a cent in your life!"</p>
            <p>"I'm doing the work of four men right now for free. I&#39;m just not getting paid for it.&#34;</p>
            <p>John Bellew was disgusted.</p>
            <p>"I could understand and accept it," his uncle continued angrily, "if you had made money as an artist, but you never have."</p>
            <p>"I&#39;ve done some drawings, and paintings," Kit said, quietly.</p>
            <p>"What paintings? John Bellew replied. &#34;You've never had one displayed, even here in San Francisco.&#34;</p>
            <p>&#34;And what about your music?&#34; Kit&#39;s uncle went on. &#34;Your mother spent hundreds of dollars on lessons for you. But you've never once been payed to perform."</p>
            <p>"I had a book of poems published once," Kit said, weakly.</p>
            <p>"And how much did it cost you?" Asked his uncle.</p>
            <p>"Only a few hundred dollars," replied Kit.</p>
            <p>John Bellew put his glass down forcefully. &#34;Your grandfather, old Isaac Bellew, killed a man with a punch when he was sixty-nine years old. You couldn&#39;t even kill a mosquito at that age."</p>
            <p>"The times have changed, Uncle,&#34; replied Kit. &#34;They send men to prison for murder now."</p>
            <p>The older man was so angry he could barely speak. Finally, he said:</p>
            <p>"You messed around for five years. But what good are you? When I was your age I was riding a horse all day. I only had one pair of underwear. I was strong as a rock! I lived on dried beef and bear meat. Even today I am stronger than you are right now.&#34;</p>
            <p>"It doesn't take a strong man to drink wine," Kit said quietly. "Don't you see, Uncle, times have changed. Besides, I wasn't raised like you. My mother dressed me in nice clothes and spoiled me. Why didn&#39;t you ever take me on an adventure when I was younger? You took my cousins Hal and Robbie on adventures."</p>
            <p>"I guess you seemed too comfortable at home," responded John Bellew.</p>
            <p>"Then it&#39;s your fault, Uncle,&#34; said Kit. &#34;I was only a child.&#34;</p>
            <p>"Well, I'm about to go on one of those &#34;adventures,&#39; his uncle replied. &#34;Would you like to come along?"</p>
            <p>"Where are you going?" Kit asked excitedly.</p>
            <p>"Hal and Robbie are going to the Klondike to search for gold, and I'm going to help them carry in their supplies."</p>
            <p>Kit jumped forward and grabbed his uncle&#39;s hand. "Yes, I&#39;d love to go!"</p>
            <p>John Bellew was surprised. He did not think Kit would want to come.</p>
            <p>"You don't mean it," his uncle said.</p>
            <p>"When do we leave?" responded Kit.</p>
            <p>"Tomorrow. But it will be a hard trip,&#34; warned his uncle. &#34;You'll be in the way."</p>
            <p>"No, I won't,&#34; Kit said eagerly. &#34;I'll work. I've learned to work hard since I started working at the Billow."</p>
            <p>That night Kit Bellew wrote a letter to Mr. O'Hara.</p>
            <p>"I&#39;m going on vacation for a few weeks," he explained. "You'll have to get some other fool to write those articles. Sorry, but I need to do this for my health. I'll work twice as hard when I get back."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_2">II.</h2>
            <p>When Kit&#39;s boat reached the beach in Alaska it was a chaotic scene. Thousands of men were beginning to move thousands of pounds of supplies up to the Klondike. They carried it all on their backs, and Kit knew many of these men would not finish the journey before winter.</p>
            <p>Like many hundreds of others, Kit had a big gun on his belt. His uncle also carried one, as he was filled with memories of the violent wild west. Kit was very curious about the gold rush, but he did not take it seriously. He joked about it on the boat. He was simply on a vacation, he said. He just wanted to look over the mountains for a 'look see' and then to return.</p>
            <p>Kit strolled up the beach toward an old trading station as the others waited for the supplies. As he walked, a strong and tall Indian passed him, carrying an unusually large pack of gear. Kit walked behind him and was surprised how easily and gracefully the Indian walked under the huge weight.</p>
            <p>The Indian dropped his pack on the scale in front of the trading station. It said the pack weighed one hundred and twenty pounds, and everyone around looked at it in amazement. Kit doubted he could even lift a weight as heavy as that.</p>
            <p>"Going to Lake Linderman with that pack?" someone asked.</p>
            <p>The Indian proudly grunted &#34;yes.&#34;</p>
            <p>"How much you get paid for that one pack?" asked another person.</p>
            <p>"Fifty dollar," replied the Indian.</p>
            <p>Kit left the conversation. He saw a young woman in the doorway of the trading station. Unlike other women on the beach, she wasn&#39;t wearing a short-skirt or long dress to see the men off. She was dressed for travel.</p>
            <p>What struck him about her was the feeling that somehow she belonged here. She was young and pretty. Kit looked at her face for a long time. He looked until she was annoyed, and she gave him a cold look.</p>
            <p>Then she saw the big gun at Kit&#39;s thigh and she laughed at him. That hurt like a punch. She turned to the man beside her and pointed to Kit.</p>
            <p>"He&#39;s a Chechaquo," the woman said.</p>
            <p>The man, who looked like a homeless person, grinned, and Kit felt weak though he did not know why. But as the two moved off, Kit noticed the way she walked. He knew he would remember that walk for a thousand years.</p>
            <p>"Did you see that man with the girl?" Kit's neighbor asked him excitedly. "Do you know who he is?"</p>
            <p>Kit shook his head.</p>
            <p>"He&#39;s Cariboo Charley. He found a lot of gold on the Klondike. He&#39;s been out there for twelve years. Now he's just come back."</p>
            <p>"What does &#34;chechaquo&#39; mean?" Kit asked.</p>
            <p>"It&#39;s means you&#39;re new here, and you look it," the man replied.</p>
            <p>On his way back to the beach Kit thought about the word over and over. It bothered him to be called &#34;chechaquo&#39; by a thin little woman.</p>
            <p>Remembering the Indian with the huge pack, Kit found the piles of luggage and decided to test his own strength. He tried to lift a hundred pound sack of flour onto his shoulder. After several attempts he realized he couldn&#39;t do it, and fell down on top of the sack, exhausted. He wiped the sweat off his forehead, and saw John Bellew looking at him.</p>
            <p>"God!" John Bellew said loudly. "I could lift things like that when I was sixteen."</p>
            <p>"You forget, uncle," Kit answered, "that I wasn't raised to be as tough as you."</p>
            <p>"And I'll be able to lift things like it when I'm sixty," replied John.</p>
            <p>"Then try to lift it now," said Kit.</p>
            <p>John Bellew did. He bent over the sack, and, with a quick tug, stood up tall with the sack of flour on his shoulder.</p>
            <p>Kit took his hat off in respect.</p>
            <p>"You're magnificent, Uncle. Do you think I will be able to keep up with you on the trail?"</p>
            <p>John Bellew shrugged.</p>
            <p>"You'll be behind before we even get started," he answered.</p>
            <p>"Don&#39;t worry about it," Kit groaned. "I don&#39;t want to go back to Mr. O&#39;Hara and the Billow. I won&#39;t go back until I have to."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_3">III.</h2>
            <p>They planned to move the eight hundred pounds of supplies one a mile a day. It sounded easy enough. Since John Bellew was going to stay in camp and do the cooking, it was up to Kit, Robbie and Hal to carry the gear.</p>
            <p>"I don't like walking," said Kit. "So I will carry one hundred pounds." He saw that his uncle didn&#39;t believe he could carry that much. He added quickly: "Of course I won&#39;t start with a hundred. I&#39;ve got to work up to it first. I'll start with fifty."</p>
            <p>At first the journey was very easy for Kit. He brought the fifty pound sack to the first campsite and went back for the next one. Next he tried a sixty-five pound sack. He struggled to walk with the heavier sack, but he made it to the next campsite.</p>
            <p>He sat down on the ground and rested. Then he put a ninety-five pound sack of beans on his back and started again. But after a hundred yards he badly needed to rest again. He sat down and wiped the sweat off his face.</p>
            <p>"Short trips and short rests," he said to himself. "That's how I&#39;ll do it."</p>
            <p>Kit didn&#39;t get far with his heavy pack before sitting down again. He rested often. And everytime he got up, the pack got heavier. Soon he had trouble breathing and sweat poured down his face.</p>
            <p>Eventually he took off his shirt and hung it on a tree. A little later he threw off his hat. He had never worked so hard in all his life. As he sat and breathed heavily, he looked at his big gun and heavy belt.</p>
            <p>"Ten pounds of junk," he said, as he took it off. Kit threw his belt and gun into a bush. Soon he observed other chechaquos along the trail were doing the same thing.</p>
            <p>He struggled forward with his pack. It was a twenty-eight mile trip, and this was the easiest part of it. "Wait until you get to Chilcoot Mountain," others told him as they rested and talked. "There you need to climb up the rocks with your gear."</p>
            <p>"There isn&#39;t going to be a Chilcoot Mountain," was Kit&#39;s answer. "Not for me. I&#39;ll be dead before I get there."</p>
            <p>A little later he slipped, and nearly hurt himself falling.</p>
            <p>"If ever I fall down with this pack on my back it will kill me," he told another packer.</p>
            <p>"That's nothing," the man answered. "Wait until you reach the Canyon. You'll have to cross a raging stream on the trunk of a tree. If you fall in the stream, you&#39;ll just stay there and drown."</p>
            <p>"Sounds good to me," Kit replied sadly. And he was so tired that he almost meant it.</p>
            <p>Compared to this, working at the Billow was easy. He kept thinking of leaving the sack of beans in a bush and sneaking back to San Francisco.</p>
            <p>But Kit didn&#39;t give up. Deep down he knew he could enjoy this hard work, and he told himself again and again that he could work as hard as any man. Sometimes he was jealous of strong Indians who passed by. They never seemed to rest, but kept going and going instead.</p>
            <p>After a while he started to cry. He was tired and upset because he was so weak. When he saw the next campsite, where they would stop for the night, he pushed forward as hard as he could. When he finally got there he fell onto his face with the beans still on his back. He stayed there on the ground for fifteen minutes. Later his cousin Robbie found him, and Kit realized he was struggling too. This made Kit stronger.</p>
            <p>"What other men can do, we can do," Kit told him, though he wasn&#39;t sure if it was really true.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_4">IV.</h2>
            <p>&#34;I am young and strong,&#34; he told himself many times in the days that followed. He had successfully moved his gear forward a mile a day. But he was becoming weaker and moving slower.</p>
            <p>He had become a work animal. He fell asleep while eating his food. And sometimes he would wake up in the middle of the night because his legs hurt so much. Every part of him hurt. And when the trail became rocky paths his feet would bruise. He washed his face once a day. His nails, torn and broken, were never cleaned. His shoulders and chest were scratched by the straps from his supply pack. It made him understand the pain of the horses he had seen strapped to carriages on city streets.</p>
            <p>Another big problem was the food. They needed to eat a lot of food to keep up their strength. But Kit was not used to eating large portions of bacon and beans. It hurt his stomach to digest it all, and he was sick for several days.</p>
            <p>And then one day his stomach became used to the food. From then on, he could eat like a starved animal, and eagerly ask for more.</p>
            <p>When they had moved the gear to the mouth of the Canyon, they made a change in their plans. The two cousins went ahead to the lake to build a boat they would need later. This left it up to Kit and his uncle to bring along the rest of the gear. Time was flying, and snow was starting to fall on the mountains. If they didn&#39;t make it across the Pass before winter they would be in trouble.</p>
            <p>The older man put a hundred-pound sack onto his back. Kit was surprised, but then he also put a hundred pounds on his back. It hurt, but he had finally become stronger.</p>
            <p>But the work got harder as they went. The trail became tougher. Their packs felt heavier, and each day snow fell heavier on the mountains. John Bellew became worried they wouldn&#39;t make it before the winter.</p>
            <p>His uncle asked a group of passing Indians for help. They charged thirty cents a pound to carry the baggage to the top of Chilcoot Mountain. But the Indians couldn&#39;t take all of it. John Bellew decided to stay behind and carry the rest of the gear, and he told Kit to go with the Indians. Kit was going to stay on top of Chilcoot Mountain until his uncle caught up with him.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_5">V.</h2>
            <p>Kit left with the Indian packers. He only carried eighty pounds because it was going to be a long trip. The Indians walked more quickly than he was used to. But he was not worried about it. He thought he was almost as strong as an Indian now.</p>
            <p>But after a quarter of a mile Kit wanted to rest. The Indians kept on going. After walking half a mile, Kit thought that he had lost all his energy. But he didn&#39;t give up. After walking one mile he was surprised he was still alive.</p>
            <p>But the second mile was almost easier than the first. The third mile nearly killed him, but he never complained. Then finally came the rest. Instead of sitting in the straps, the Indians slipped out of their packs and sat comfortably on the ground. They talked and smoked. A full half hour passed before they started again. To Kit's surprise he found himself feeling strong again. &#34;Long trips and long rests&#34;, that&#39;s how I&#39;ll do it,&#34; thought Kit.</p>
            <p>The last part of the journey was as hard as Kit had heard it described, and involved a lot of climbing. But finally, in the middle of a snowstorm, they reached the top of Chilcoot Mountain. Kit was secretly proud that he had traveled with the Indians and never complained or slowed them down.</p>
            <p>Kit paid the Indians and watched them go. He was left alone in the stormy darkness high up on the mountain. His pants were soaked, and he was tired and starving. He would have given a lot of money for a fire and a cup of coffee. Instead he ate a dozen cold pancakes and crawled into his tent. Before he went to sleep, he smiled as he thought of John Bellew moving his four hundred pounds of gear up the mountain. It would be easier for Kit now because he was headed downhill.</p>
            <p>The next morning he ate a couple pounds of uncooked bacon, grabbed a hundred pounds of gear, and started down the rocky trail. The trail below led across a small glacier and down to Crater Lake. All that day he carried one hundred and fifty pounds back and forth along the glacier. His surprise at being able to do it never went away.</p>
            <p>But then Kit had an idea to make his work easier. In the early morning he spread a sheet on the ice and put some of his gear on it. Then he started to pull. Soon the glacier sloped downward and his load began to slide. The supplies slid faster and faster, and then Kit jumped on top of them.</p>
            <p>A hundred travelers stopped to watch him. He yelled wildly, and those in his path leaped aside. Below him there was a small tent, getting closer every moment. He moved off the trail to try avoid it and struck a patch of snow. This slowed him down, but he still hit the tent. He fell inside it and found himself face to face with a surprised young woman who was sitting up in her bed. It was the same one who had called him &#34;chechaquo&#39; back at the beach.</p>
            <p>"Do you mind removing that sack from my foot?" she said coldly.</p>
            <p>Kit lifted his weight quickly.</p>
            <p>"It was a good thing you didn&#39;t turn over the stove," she said.</p>
            <p>He saw a stove and a coffee pot in the tent. It was now being used by a young Indian girl. He sniffed the coffee and looked back to the girl.</p>
            <p>"I'm a chechaquo," he said with a grin.</p>
            <p>Her bored expression told him that he was stating the obvious. But he was not embarrassed.</p>
            <p>"I got rid of my gun," he added.</p>
            <p>Then she recognized him, and her eyes lit up.</p>
            <p>"I never thought you'd get this far," she told him.</p>
            <p>Again, Kit sniffed the air.</p>
            <p>"Coffee!" He turned and said to her. "I'll do anything. I'll be your servant for a year if you'll give me a cup."</p>
            <p>And while they drank the coffee he told her his name and learned hers. Her name was Joy Gastell. She had crossed the Rockies with her father as a child and come down to the Yukon. She was going in with her father now, she said, but he had been delayed by business in Seattle.</p>
            <p>Since she was still in her bed, Kit did not talk to Joy much longer. He left the tent and took his supplies with him. Then he had a few thoughts about her. She had a beautiful name and beautiful eyes. She could not be older than twenty, or twenty-one or two. Her father must be French. She was strong and very smart.</p>
            <p>The next part of the trip was going to be very difficult. The trail ran over icy rocks, around Crater Lake and through the rocky pass that led toward Happy Camp. Luckily, Kit found a boat on the lake that carried gear. If he could get across the lake with his gear he could skip most of the trail. But he had no money to pay the captain.</p>
            <p>"My friend, you've made a lot of money with that boat," Kit said to the captain. "Do you want to make even more?"</p>
            <p>"Yes. Tell me your idea," replied the captain.</p>
            <p>"I'll sell you my idea for the price of taking my gear. Are you interested?"</p>
            <p>The captain said he was, and Kit liked his attitude.</p>
            <p>"Very well. You see that glacier?&#34; Kit pointed to the place he had slid down the glacier. &#34;Take an axe and dig into it. In a day you can have a decent slide from top to bottom. Understand? Travelers can get down the glacier faster with their gear this way. You&#39;ll have plenty of customers, and have no work to do but collect your money."</p>
            <p>Two hours later, Kit's luggage was across the lake. He had saved the work of three days. And when John Bellew finally reached him, Kit was very far down the trail.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_6">VI.</h2>
            <p>The last part of the trip, from Long Lake to Lake Linderman, was three miles. The trail went up over a thousand-foot ridge, went down a slope of slippery rocks, and crossed a wide swamp. John Bellew couldn&#39;t believe it when he saw Kit stand up with a hundred and fifty pounds on his back.</p>
            <p>"Come on, Uncle, this should be easy for you!" Kit teased.</p>
            <p>But John Bellew shook his head.</p>
            <p>"I'm afraid I'm getting old, Christopher," his uncle answered.</p>
            <p>"You're only forty-eight! Do you realize that my grandfather, your father, old Isaac Bellew, killed a man with a punch when he was sixty-nine years old?"</p>
            <p>John Bellew just grinned in reply.</p>
            <p>"Uncle, I want to tell you something important. I was raised to live an easy life. But now I can lift more than you and walk farther. I am far stronger than you are."</p>
            <p>John Bellew thrust out his hand and spoke honestly.</p>
            <p>"Christopher, I believe you now have the ability do it. You've grown, boy, though I can&#39;t believe it."</p>
            <p>Kit covered the trail four times a day. He was proud, hard, and tired, but in great physical condition. He ate and slept like never before, and as the end of the journey came in sight, he was almost sorry.</p>
            <p>Then they reached the swamp. While walking through the swamp, Kit fell, face first, into the mud.</p>
            <p>Kit tried to get onto his hands and knees with the great weight on his back. But as soon as he pushed himself up, one arm sank to the shoulder. His cheek was in the mud. And just as he took his arm out, the other sunk into the swamp. He couldn&#39;t take the gear off his back, and it was too heavy to stand up. He kept trying to move forward on his hands and knees, but he only tired himself out without getting any further. Soon a tiny pool of water began to form dangerously close to his mouth and nose.</p>
            <p>He tried to flip himself onto his back, but this only caused both arms to sink. He tasted the swamp water and worried he might drown. Very carefully, he removed each arm from the mud. Then he rested his chin on his arms and began to call for help. Soon he heard the sound of feet splashing through the mud as someone came from behind.</p>
            <p>"Please help me, friend," he said.</p>
            <p>It was a woman's voice that answered, and he recognized it. It was Joy Gastell.</p>
            <p>"If you'll unbuckle the straps I can get up," Kit said.</p>
            <p>His gear rolled into the mud with a splash as he slowly rose to his feet.</p>
            <p>"A nice mess," Miss Gastell laughed, seeing his mud-covered face.</p>
            <p>"Not at all," he replied. "This is my favorite exercise. Try it sometime. It's great for the back muscles and the spine." He wiped his face and shook the mud off his hand.</p>
            <p>"Oh!" she cried, recognizing him. "It's Mr.&#34;ah&#34;Mr. Smoke Bellew."</p>
            <p>"Thank you for saving me and for calling me that," he answered. "From now on I would like everyone to call me that. It is a strong name."</p>
            <p>"Do you know what I'm going to do?" he asked her, suddenly. "I'm going back to the States. I am going to get married. I am going to raise a large family of children. And then, one night, I will gather those children around me and talk about the suffering I experienced on the Chilcoot Trail. And if they don't cry I'll take them on the longest hike of their lives."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_7">VII.</h2>
            <p>Winter came swiftly. Snow lay six inches on the ground. And even though a fierce wind blew, ice was starting to form on the ponds. Kit and John Bellew helped Hal and Robbie load their boat and then watched it disappear into a snowstorm.</p>
            <p>"And now we&#39;ll get a night's sleep. Early in the morning we will start the journey back to the beach," said John Bellew. "If we aren't trapped by the storm at the top of the mountain, we'll make it to the beach tomorrow night. And if we have luck in catching a steamboat we'll be back in San Francisco in a week."</p>
            <p>Their campsite for that last night at the lake was a sad thing. Everything useful, including the tent, had been taken by the cousins. They used a torn sheet to protect them from the wind and the heavy snow. They cooked dinner over an open fire in a couple of abandoned camp pans. All they had left were their blankets, and enough food for a few meals.</p>
            <p>Kit only spoke once during dinner. His uncle noticed his attitude had changed, and thought it was because the end of the hard work had come.</p>
            <p>"Uncle," he said, "after this, I want you to call me Smoke. I've made some smoke on this trail with my speed, haven't I?"</p>
            <p>A few minutes later he wandered away towards the tents where travelers were still carrying gear or building boats. He was gone for a long time. When he returned and slipped into his bed, John Bellew was asleep.</p>
            <p>When Kit crawled out in the morning it was dark and windy. He built a fire to warm his frozen shoes, then boiled coffee and fried bacon. It was a sad and cold meal. As soon as they finished eating, Kit and John Bellew packed up their blankets. As the uncle turned to lead the way toward the Chilcoot Trail and back to San Francisco, Kit held out his hand in farewell.</p>
            <p>"Good-bye, Uncle," he said.</p>
            <p>John Bellew looked at him and swore in surprise.</p>
            <p>"Don't forget my name's Smoke now," Kit told him.</p>
            <p>"But what are you going to do?" His uncle asked.</p>
            <p>Kit waved his hand in a general direction northward over the stormy lake.</p>
            <p>"Why would I turn back after getting this far?" he asked. "Besides, I've got my taste of the hard life, and I like it. I'm going on."</p>
            <p>"You're broke," said John Bellew. "You have no supplies."</p>
            <p>"I&#39;ve got a job at a hundred and fifty dollars per month and all the food I can eat. I&#39;m going to travel with some wealthy men who want an adventure in the Klondike. I&#39;ll be camp cook, boatman, and general all-around helper. And Mr. O'Hara and the Billow can go to hell. Good bye, Uncle."</p>
            <p>John Bellew was stunned. All he could say was, "I don't understand."</p>
            <p>"They say that bears are everywhere in the Yukon," Kit explained. "Well, I've got only one pair of underwear, and I'm going after the bear meat, that's all."</p>
        </div>
        <div id="div_levelTwo_57_1">
            <h2 class="chapter_1">I.</h2>
            <p>
                <span class="char-style-override-1">I</span>n the beginning, he was Christopher Bellew. By the time he was at college he had become Chris Bellew. Later, in the artistic crowd of San Francisco, he was called Kit Bellew. And in the end he was known only as Smoke Bellew. And Smoke Bellew changed along with his name. And none of this would have happened had he not had a loving mother and a tough uncle. And had he not received a letter from his old friend Gillet Bellamy.</p>
            <p>"I have just seen a copy of that new magazine, the Billow," Gillet wrote from Paris. "Of course the publisher, O'Hara, will do well with it. But it can be much better." And after this Gillet wrote down several suggestions to improve the paper. "Go down and see him. Let him think they're your own suggestions. Don't let him know they're from me. Above all, don't forget to make him fire that fool who's writing about music and art. Another thing, many great writers have written about San Francisco, but nobody is writing about the city now. Tell him to look around and get some blockhead to release a weekly column which reveals the romance and beauty of San Francisco."</p>
            <p>And down to the office of the Billow went Kit Bellew to talk to O&#39;Hara. O'Hara listened. O'Hara questioned. O'Hara agreed. O'Hara fired the fool who was writing about music and art. But O'Hara had a special ability. When O'Hara wanted anything, no friend could deny him. He was sweet and convincing. Before Kit Bellew could escape from the office he had become an editor. He agreed to compose weekly columns and a weekly article of ten thousand words about life in San Francisco.</p>
            <p>He did all of this for free. The Billow wasn't paying yet, O'Hara explained, and he said it just as convincingly as he said that there was only one man in San Francisco who could do this job, and that man was Kit Bellew.</p>
            <p>"Oh, Lord, I'm the blockhead!" Kit had groaned to himself afterwards on the narrow stairs. Week after week, he fought off people the magazine owed money to, argued with printers, and wrote twenty-five thousand words about many things. And his work did not get easier. The Billow needed illustrations, but printing them was expensive. The paper never had any money to pay Kit Bellew, or even hire other office staff.</p>
            <p>"This is what happens to good people," Kit grumbled one day.</p>
            <p>"Thank God for good people then," O'Hara cried, with tears of happiness in his eyes as he gripped Kit's hand.</p>
            <p>"You're all that's saved me, Kit. I would have gone broke without you. Just a little longer and things will be easier."</p>
            <p>"It will never be easier," was Kit's complaint. "I see my fate clearly. I will be here forever."</p>
            <p>A little later he thought he saw his way out of the Billow. Seeing his chance, he fell over a chair near O&#39;Hara. A few minutes after that he bumped into the corner of the desk, and flipped over a bottle of glue.</p>
            <p>"Were you out late last night at a party?" O'Hara asked.</p>
            <p>Kit rubbed his eyes with his hands and looked around anxiously before replying.</p>
            <p>"No, it's not that. It's my eyes. They seem to be going bad on me, that's all."</p>
            <p>For several days he continued to fall over and bump into the office furniture. But O'Hara didn&#39;t seem to care.</p>
            <p>"I tell you what, Kit," he said one day, "you've got to see an eye doctor. There's Doctor Hassdapple. He's excellent. And it won't cost you anything. We&#39;ll do some free advertising for him. I'll talk to him myself."</p>
            <p>And, true to his word, O&#39;Hara sent Kit to the eye doctor.</p>
            <p>"There's nothing wrong with your eyes," was the doctor's decision, after a long examination. "In fact, your eyes are magnificent. A pair in a million."</p>
            <p>"Don't tell O'Hara," Kit begged. "Give me a pair of glasses."</p>
            <p>The result of this was that O'Hara felt sorry for him and talked happily about the future when the Billow would be successful.</p>
            <p>Luckily for Kit Bellew, he received a monthly allowance from his inheritance. It was not a lot of money, but it was enough for him to belong to several classy clubs and keep an apartment. However, since he got to the Billow, he had no time to spend his money on anything else. He never saw his apartment any more, or had the chance to throw dinner parties for his artist friends.</p>
            <p>But he was always broke, because the Billow absorbed his cash as well as his brains. There were the illustrators who refused to illustrate, the printers who refused to print, and the office boy who frequently refused to even come into the office. When these things happened O'Hara looked at Kit, and Kit had no choice but to open his wallet.</p>
            <p>When the steamboat Excelsior arrived from Alaska, bringing news of the Klondike gold strike that excited everyone in the country, Kit made a casual suggestion.</p>
            <p>"Look here, O'Hara," he said. "This gold rush is going to be big&#34;like the California gold rush of 1849 all over again. Suppose I write about it for the Billow? I'll pay for the trip."</p>
            <p>O'Hara shook his head.</p>
            <p>"I need you in the office, Kit. Then there's the weekly column. Besides, I saw my old friend Jackson less than an hour ago. He's going to the Klondike tomorrow, and he's agreed to send a weekly article and photos for the paper. I wouldn't let him get away until he promised to do it. And the beauty of it is, that it doesn't cost us anything."</p>
            <p>The next Kit heard of the Klondike was when he dropped into the club that afternoon, and ran into his uncle.</p>
            <p>"Hello, Uncle," Kit greeted, sliding into a leather chair and spreading out his legs. "Won't you join me?"</p>
            <p>Kit ordered a cocktail, while his uncle picked a glass of his favorite red wine. His uncle looked with disapproval at the cocktail, and then to his nephew's face. Kit saw he was about to give a lecture.</p>
            <p>"I've only got a minute," Kit said quickly. "I've got to write a piece about a new art exhibition at Ellery's gallery."</p>
            <p>"What's the matter with you?" Kit&#39;s uncle demanded. "You're pale. You look awful."</p>
            <p>Kit's only answer was a groan.</p>
            <p>"You will die before I do, I can see that," said the uncle.</p>
            <p>Kit shook his head sadly.</p>
            <p>John Bellew came of the old hard and hardy stock that had crossed the plains in the fifties, and in him was the hardness of a childhood spent in settling a new land.</p>
            <p>"You're not living right, Christopher,&#34; he said. &#34;I'm ashamed of you."</p>
            <p>"I&#39;ve taken the easy road, eh?" Kit laughed.</p>
            <p>The older man shrugged his shoulders.</p>
            <p>"Don&#39;t shake your head at me, Uncle. I wish it was the easy road. But that's not how it is at all. I have no free time because I work too hard."</p>
            <p>John Bellew laughed harshly, not believing him.</p>
            <p>"Work too hard!" he scolded. "You never earned a cent in your life."</p>
            <p>"You bet I have&#34;only I was never paid. I'm earning five hundred a week right now, and doing the work of four men."</p>
            <p>"Can you swim?"</p>
            <p>"What? I used to."</p>
            <p>"Ride a horse?"</p>
            <p>"I can say I have done it before."</p>
            <p>John Bellew snorted in disgust.</p>
            <p>"I'm glad your father didn't live to see you now," he said. "He would have told you you haven&#39;t accomplished anything."</p>
            <p>"I could understand and accept it," his uncle continued angrily, "if you had succeeded with something artistic. But you've never made any money, or done any adult work at all."</p>
            <p>"Drawings, and pictures," Kit replied.</p>
            <p>"You're a failure. What pictures have you painted? Silly watercolors and hideous posters. You've never had one displayed, even here in San Francisco."</p>
            <p>"Ah, you forget. There is one showcased in this very club."</p>
            <p>"A foolish cartoon. And what about your music? Your dear fool of a mother spent hundreds on lessons. You've never once been payed to perform."</p>
            <p>"I had a book published once&#34;those poems, you remember," Kit offered timidly.</p>
            <p>"And what did it cost you?"</p>
            <p>"Only a few hundred dollars."</p>
            <p>"Any other achievements?"</p>
            <p>"I had a play acted out at the summer festival."</p>
            <p>"What did you get for it?"</p>
            <p>"Glory."</p>
            <p>"And you used to swim, and you have ridden a horse!" John Bellew put his glass down with unnecessary force. "What earthly good are you anyway? You were raised well, but even in college your grades were bad. You never led a social club, or honor society. You didn't-"</p>
            <p>"I wrote a blurb for the school newspaper."</p>
            <p>"And did people like it?"</p>
            <p>"Not exactly. But I was almost considered for a column, only I was&#34;er-"</p>
            <p>"Go on."</p>
            <p>"Considered inconsistent."</p>
            <p>"Lazy, you mean. My father, who was your grandfather, old Isaac Bellew, killed a man with a punch when he was sixty-nine years old. You couldn&#39;t even kill a mosquito at that age."</p>
            <p>"The times have changed, Uncle. They send men to state prisons for murder now."</p>
            <p>"Your father rode one hundred and eighty-five miles to the hospital when your brother was born, without sleeping. The journey killed three horses."</p>
            <p>"Had he lived today, he'd have slept in an overnight train."</p>
            <p>The older man was almost choking with anger, but swallowed it down and managed to ask:</p>
            <p>"You are twenty-seven years old. You finished college at twenty-two. You dabbled and played around for five years. But what good are you? When I was your age I was riding with the cattle in Colusa with only one pair of underpants. I was strong as rocks, and I could sleep on a rock. I lived on jerked beef and bear meat. I am stronger than you are right now. You only weigh about one hundred and sixty-five. I could pick you up and throw you.&#34;</p>
            <p>"It doesn't take a strong man to drink cocktails or wine," Kit said quietly. "Don't you see, Uncle, times have changed. Besides, I wasn't brought up right. My dear fool of a mother-"</p>
            <p>John Bellew twitched angrily.</p>
            <p>"-As you called her, was too good to me. She dressed me in the nicest clothes and spoiled me. Now, if you had taken me with you on some of those adventures you go on when I was younger maybe I would be different. Why didn&#39;t you ever invite me? You took my cousins Hal and Robbie all over the Sierras and on that Mexico trip."</p>
            <p>"I guess you seemed too comfortable at home."</p>
            <p>"Your fault, Uncle, and my dear mother's. How was I to know the hard life? I was only a child. What was there left but drawings and pictures? Was it my fault that I never had to sweat?"</p>
            <p>The older man looked at his nephew with clear disgust. He had no patience for Kit&#39;s easy-going attitude.</p>
            <p>"Well, I'm going to go on one of those &#34;adventures.&#39; Suppose I asked you to come along?"</p>
            <p>"Kind of late, I must say. Where are you going?"</p>
            <p>"Hal and Robert are going to the Klondike to search for gold, and I'm going to help them carry in their supplies."</p>
            <p>Kit jumped forward and grabbed his uncle&#39;s hand. "My rescuer!"</p>
            <p>John Bellew was surprised. He had not thought the invitation would be accepted.</p>
            <p>"You don't mean it," his uncle said.</p>
            <p>"When do we leave?"</p>
            <p>"It will be a hard trip. You'll be in the way."</p>
            <p>"No, I won't. I'll work. I've learned to work hard since I started working at the Billow."</p>
            <p>"Each man has to take a year's supplies in with him. Those goods need to be carried all the way up the trail. I'm going along to help Hal and Robert carry everything. If you come you'll have to do the same."</p>
            <p>"Watch me."</p>
            <p>"You aren&#39;t strong enough," was the objection.</p>
            <p>"When do we start?"</p>
            <p>"Tomorrow."</p>
            <p>That night Kit Bellew wrote a note to O'Hara.</p>
            <p>"It's only a vacation for several weeks," he explained. "You'll have to get some fool to rush out articles for that weekly column. Sorry, but my health demands it. I'll work twice as hard when I get back."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_2">II.</h2>
            <p>When Kit&#39;s boat reached the beach, he was surrounded by the chaos of the gear of thousands of men. These gigantic mountains of luggage and food were beginning to slowly move up the valley. The luggage had to travel twenty-eight miles to the Klondike, and men had to carry it all on their backs. It was clear that many would not complete the journey before winter.</p>
            <p>Like many hundreds of others, Kit hung a big gun from his belt. His uncle also carried one, as he was filled with memories of the lawless past. Kit was fascinated by the gold rush, but he did not take it seriously. As he said on the steamboat, he was not going to die here. He was simply on a vacation, and wished only to peep over the top of the mountains for a 'look see' and then to return.</p>
            <p>Kit left his group on the sand as they waited for the supplies, and strolled up the beach toward the old trading station. He did not walk confidently, though he noticed others did. A powerfully built six-foot Indian passed him, carrying an unusually large pack. Kit walked behind him and admired the man&#39;s muscular legs, and the ease with which he moved along under his burden. The Indian dropped his pack on the scales in front of the trading station. The pack weighed one hundred and twenty pounds, much to the amazement of the crowd that was gathered around the scales. Kit wondered if he could lift such a weight, much less walk off with it.</p>
            <p>"Going to Lake Linderman with it?" someone asked.</p>
            <p>The Indian, swelling with pride, grunted &#34;yes.&#34;</p>
            <p>"How much you get paid for that one pack?"</p>
            <p>"Fifty dollar."</p>
            <p>Here Kit slid out of the conversation. A young woman who was standing in the doorway had caught his eye. Unlike other women landing from the steamboats, she wasn&#39;t wearing a short-skirt or long dress to see the men off. She was dressed for travel. What struck him about her was the feeling that somehow she belonged here. She was young and pretty. The bright beauty and color of her oval face held him, and he looked at her a long time&#34;looked until she was annoyed, and her own dark and long-lashed eyes met his cooley.</p>
            <p>From his face her eyes travelled down in clear amusement to the big gun at his thigh. Then they came back to his, and they were laughing. It struck him like a blow. She turned to the man beside her and pointed to Kit. The man looked him over with the same amusement.</p>
            <p>"Chechaquo," the woman said.</p>
            <p>The man, who looked homeless with his cheap overalls and torn woollen jacket, grinned, and Kit felt weak though he did not know why. But anyway, as the two moved off, he decided she was an unusually pretty girl and he especially liked the way she walked. He knew he would remember that walk for a thousand years.</p>
            <p>"Did you see that man with the girl?" Kit's neighbor asked him excitedly. "Know who he is?"</p>
            <p>Kit shook his head.</p>
            <p>"Cariboo Charley. He struck big gold on the Klondike. Old timer. Been on the Yukon a dozen years. He's just come back."</p>
            <p>"What's &#34;chechaquo&#39; mean?" Kit asked.</p>
            <p>"It&#39;s means you&#39;re new here, and you look it."</p>
            <p>On his way back to the beach Kit thought about the phrase over and over. It bothered him to be called &#34;chechaquo&#39; by a woman, and a thin one at that.</p>
            <p>His mind still filled with the vision of the Indian with the huge pack, Kit went among the piles of luggage and attempted to test his own strength. He picked out a sack of flour, which he knew weighed a hundred pounds. He stepped next to it, reached down, and attempted to lift it onto his shoulder. His first thought was that one hundred pounds was truly heavy. His next was that his back was weak. His third was a swear, when he collapsed on top of the sack he was wrestling with. He wiped his forehead, and saw John Bellew gazing at him, across a pile of food-sacks, cool amusement in his eyes.</p>
            <p>"God!" said that champion of the hard life. "We have given birth to a race of weaklings. I toyed with things like that when I was sixteen."</p>
            <p>"You forget, uncle," Kit answered, "that I wasn't raised to live that life."</p>
            <p>"And I'll toy with it when I'm sixty."</p>
            <p>"Then go on and show me."</p>
            <p>John Bellew did. He was forty-eight, but he bent over the sack, applied a careful and tough grip, and, with a quick tug, stood up tall with the sack of flour on his shoulder.</p>
            <p>"Skill, my boy, skill&#34;and a spine."</p>
            <p>Kit took his hat off in respect.</p>
            <p>"You're a wonder, Uncle, a shining wonder. Do you think I can learn?"</p>
            <p>John Bellew shrugged.</p>
            <p>"You'll be lagging behind before we even get started."</p>
            <p>"Don&#39;t worry about it," Kit groaned. "There's O'Hara and the Billow down there in San Francisco. I'm not going back until I have to."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_3">III.</h2>
            <p>They planned to move forward a mile a day. It sounded easy enough. Since John Bellew was going to stay in camp and do the cooking, he would be little help carrying the supplies. So the task of moving eight hundred pounds one mile each day fell to the three young men.</p>
            <p>"I don't like walking," said Kit. "So I will carry one hundred pounds." He caught the grin of disbelief on his uncle's face, and added quickly: "Of course I won&#39;t start with a hundred. I&#39;ve got to work up to it first. I'll start with fifty."</p>
            <p>He did, and walked easily along the trail. He dropped the sack at the next campsite and went back. It was easier than he had thought. But after two miles he became tired. His second pack was sixty-five pounds. It was more difficult, and he no longer walked easily. He sat down on the ground several times like the other packers, letting the pack rest behind him on a rock or stump. But he became bold with the third pack. He tied himself to a ninety-five-pound sack of beans and started again. At the end of a hundred yards he feared he might collapse. He sat down and wiped his face.</p>
            <p>"Short distances and short rests," he muttered. "That's how to do it."</p>
            <p>Sometimes he couldn&#39;t make it a hundred yards before resting, and the pack seemed to get heavier each time he got back up on his feet. It became hard to breathe, and the sweat streamed down his face. Before he had covered a quarter of a mile he had taken off his woollen shirt and hung it on a tree. A little later he threw off his hat. At the end of half a mile he decided he was finished. He had never worked so hard in all his life. As he sat and breathed heavily, his gaze fell upon the big gun and his heavy belt.</p>
            <p>"Ten pounds of junk," he said, as he unbuckled it.</p>
            <p>Not bothering to hang it on a tree, Kit flung it into a bush. And as the steady tide of packers flowed by him, up and down the trail, he noted that the other chechaquos were also beginning to shed their guns as well.</p>
            <p>His trips became shorter. At times a hundred feet was all he could handle, and then the pounding of his heart and the weakness of his knees would force him to rest. And his rests grew longer. It was a twenty-eight mile trip, to be made in twenty-eight days, and this was the easiest part of it. "Wait until you get to Chilcoot Mountain," others told him as they rested and talked, "where you climb with hands and feet."</p>
            <p>"There ain't going to be no Chilcoot Mountain," was his answer. "Not for me. Long before that I'll be sleeping beneath the ground."</p>
            <p>Sometime later he slipped, and the violent effort he needed to save himself frightened him. He felt like his insides were being torn up.</p>
            <p>"If ever I fall down with this pack on my back I'm a goner," he told another packer.</p>
            <p>"That's nothing," came the answer. "Wait until you hit the Canyon. You'll have to cross a raging stream on the trunk of a pine tree. No guide ropes, nothing, and the water all around you. If you fall with a pack on your back, there's no getting out of the straps. You just stay there and drown."</p>
            <p>"Sounds good to me," he replied sadly. And he was so tired that he almost half meant it.</p>
            <p>"They drown three or four a day there," the man assured him.</p>
            <p>This certainly was one of his uncle&#39;s adventures, he thought to himself. Compared with it, his job at the Billow was sweet. Again and again he thought of abandoning the sack of beans in the brush and of sneaking back to the beach where he could catch a steamboat for civilization.</p>
            <p>But he didn't. Somewhere in him was the love of the hard life, and he repeated to himself over and over that he could do anything that any other man could. At other times, resting, he watched and envied the strong, sure-footed Indians that walked by under heavier packs. They never seemed to rest, but went on and on with a steadiness that amazed Kit.</p>
            <p>He sat and cursed&#34;he had no breath to curse when on the trail&#34;and fought the temptation to sneak back to San Francisco. Before he had gone another mile he stopped cursing and started crying. The tears were tears of exhaustion and of disgust with himself. If ever a man was broken, he was. As the campsite came into his vision, he pushed forward in desperation. When he finally got there he fell forward onto his face, the beans still on his back. It did not kill him, but he lay for fifteen minutes before he could summon enough strength to take off the pack. Later he became very sick, and was found by cousin Robbie, who was also suffering. It was seeing the similar weakness in Robbie that made him stronger.</p>
            <p>"What other men can do, we can do," Kit told him, though down in his heart he wondered whether or not he was lying.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_4">IV.</h2>
            <p>"I am twenty-seven years old and strong," he told himself many times in the days that followed. There was need for it. At the end of a week, though he had succeeded in moving his eight hundred pounds forward a mile a day, he had lost fifteen pounds of his own weight. His face was lean. All strength had gone out of his body and mind. His pace became much shorter. And on trips back without the weight, his feet dragged almost as much as when he was carrying a pack.</p>
            <p>He had become a work animal. He fell asleep while eating his food. And his sleep was deep, except for times when he would wake up in agony because of cramps in his legs. Every part of him ached. He stepped on raw blisters, but this was less painful than the bruising his feet received on the rocks of the Dyea Flats, which covered the trail for two miles. These two miles really felt like thirty-eight miles of travelling back and forth. He washed his face once a day. His nails, torn and broken, were never cleaned. His shoulders and chest were irritated by the pack-straps. It made him sympathize with the horses he had seen on city streets.</p>
            <p>At first the biggest challenge was the food. The incredible amount of work demanded lots of fuel, and his stomach was not used to the great quantities of bacon and coarse brown beans. His stomach had been upset, and for several days the pain, combined with his hunger, nearly broke him. And then came the day of joy when he could eat like a starved animal, and eagerly ask for more.</p>
            <p>When they had moved the gear to the mouth of the Canyon, they made a change in their plans. Word had come from Lake Linderman that the last available trees for building boats were being cut. The two cousins went ahead to the Lake, leaving Kit and his uncle to bring along the rest of the gear. John Bellew and Kit now cooked together, and both carried gear shoulder to shoulder. Time was flying, and on the peaks the first snow was falling. If they were caught on the wrong side of the Pass when winter struck, it would mean having to wait for nearly a year to cross.</p>
            <p>The older man put a hundred-pound sack onto his strong back. Kit was shocked, but he gritted his teeth and fastened his own straps to a hundred pounds. It hurt, but he had learned how to do it, and his body was beginning to harden up with muscle. Also, he could finally think clearly. He noticed the head-straps worn by the Indians, which they used in addition to the shoulder-straps, and made one for himself. It made things easier, so that he began the practice of piling light pieces of luggage on top to attach to his head strap. He was soon able to go along with a hundred pounds in the straps, fifteen or twenty more lying loosely on top of the pack and against his neck, an axe or a pair of oars in one hand, and in the other the cooking-pans for the camp.</p>
            <p>But the work got harder as they went. The trail grew more rugged. Their packs grew heavier, and each day the snow drifts on the mountains grew thicker. John Bellew grew anxious. Meeting a bunch of Indians coming down from Lake Linderman, he convinced them to lend a hand. They charged thirty cents a pound to carry the baggage to the top of Chilcoot Pass, and he could barely afford it. Even so, some four hundred pounds of clothes and camping materials was left behind. Kit&#39;s uncle remained behind to move it along, sending Kit with the Indians. Kit was to remain at the top of Chilcoot Pass, slowly moving his portion until his uncle caught up with him.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_5">V.</h2>
            <p>Kit started along the trail with the Indian packers. Recognizing that it was to be a long pack, straight up to Chilcoot Pass, his own load was only eighty pounds. The Indians walked slowly under their loads, but it was a quicker pace than he had done before. But he felt no anxiety about it, because he now had come to see himself as almost equal to an Indian.</p>
            <p>At the end of a quarter of a mile he desired to rest. But the Indians kept on going. He stayed with them, and kept his place in the line. After a half mile he was convinced that he had lost all his energy, and could not go another step. But Kit gritted his teeth, kept his place, and at the end of the mile was amazed that he was still alive. Then he got his second wind, and the next mile was almost easier than the first. The third mile nearly killed him, but he never complained. And then, just when he thought he was going to faint, came the rest. Instead of sitting in the straps, as was the custom of the white packers, the Indians slipped out of their straps entirely and lay at ease, talking and smoking. A full half hour passed before they made another start. To Kit's surprise he found himself refreshed. Long hauls and long rests became his newest motto.</p>
            <p>The top of Chilcoot Pass was as hard a trek as he had heard it described, and he often needed to climb with hands as well as feet. Finally, in the middle of a blizzard, they reached the famous divide. Kit was secretly proud that he had come through with them and never complained and never slowed them down.</p>
            <p>When he had paid the Indians and watched them go, a stormy darkness was falling, and he was left alone, a thousand feet above where the last trees grew, on the back of a mountain. Wet to the waist, starving and tired, he would have given a year's pay for a fire and a cup of coffee. Instead, he ate half a dozen cold pancakes and crawled into the folds of the partly unrolled tent. As he dozed off he had time for only one thought, and he grinned at the thought of John Bellew in the days to follow, moving his four hundred pounds up to Chilcoot Pass. As for himself, even though he was stuck with two thousand pounds, he was going down hill.</p>
            <p>In the morning, stiff from his work and numb with the cold, he rolled out of the tent, ate a couple pounds of uncooked bacon, grabbed a hundred pounds of gear, and went down the rocky trail. Several hundred yards beneath, the trail led across a small glacier and down to Crater Lake. Other men packed across the glacier. All that day he dropped his packs at the glacier's upper edge, and, because his trips back and forth were shorter than usual, he put his straps on one hundred and fifty pounds each load. His surprise with himself at being able to do it never decreased. For two dollars he bought three biscuits from an Indian, and made several meals using these and a huge quantity of raw bacon. Unwashed, unwarmed, his clothing wet with sweat, he slept another night in the tent.</p>
            <p>In the early morning he spread a tarp on the ice, loaded it with three-quarters of a ton of gear, and started to pull. Where the glacier sloped, his load began to slide, moved faster than him, scooped him in on top, and ran away with him.</p>
            <p>A hundred packers, bending under their loads, stopped to watch him. He yelled frantically, and those in his path leaped aside. Below was pitched a small tent, growing larger every moment. He swerved off the trail and struck a patch of fresh snow. Frosty smoke rose around him as his speed reduced. Then he collided with the tent, still on top of the tarp and in the midst of his food sacks. The tarp carried away the corner hooks of the tent, bursted in the front flaps, and got caught up inside. The tent rocked, and in the frosty air he found himself face to face with a startled young woman who was sitting up in her blankets. It was the very one who had called him &#34;chechaquo&#39; back at the beach.</p>
            <p>"Did you see my smoke?" he asked cheerfully.</p>
            <p>She looked at him with disapproval.</p>
            <p>"Talk about your magic carpets!" he went on.</p>
            <p>"Do you mind removing that sack from my foot?" she said coldly.</p>
            <p>He looked, and lifted his weight quickly.</p>
            <p>"It was a good thing you didn&#39;t turn over the stove," she said.</p>
            <p>He followed her glance and saw the stove and a coffee pot, currently being used by a young indian girl. He sniffed the coffee and looked back to the girl.</p>
            <p>"I'm a chechaquo," he said with a grin.</p>
            <p>Her bored expression told him that he was stating the obvious. But he was not embarrassed.</p>
            <p>"I got rid of my gun," he added.</p>
            <p>Then she recognized him, and her eyes became bright with understanding.</p>
            <p>"I never thought you'd get this far," she informed him.</p>
            <p>Again, and greedily, he sniffed the air.</p>
            <p>"Coffee!" He turned and said to her. "I'll do anything. I'll be your servant for a year if you'll give me a cup out of that pot."</p>
            <p>And over the coffee he told her his name and learned hers&#34;Joy Gastell. She had crossed the Rockies with her father as a child and come down to the Yukon. She was going in with her father, she said, who had been delayed by business in Seattle.</p>
            <p>Seeing that she was still in her blankets, he did not make it a long conversation. Declining a second cup of coffee, he gathered his supplies and left the tent. Afterwards, he took several conclusions away with him. She had a beautiful name and beautiful eyes. She could not be more than twenty, or twenty-one or two. Her father must be French. She was strong. And she had clearly been educated elsewhere than on the frontier.</p>
            <p>Over the icy rocks, the trail ran around Crater Lake and through the rocky pass that led toward Happy Camp and the first scrub pines. To pack his heavy luggage along this path would take days of back-breaking work. Luckily, Kit found a boat on the lake that carried gear. Two trips with it, in two hours, would see him and his luggage across. But he was broke, and the boat captain charged forty dollars a ton.</p>
            <p>"My friend, you've got a gold-mine in that boat," Kit said to the captain. "Do you want another gold-mine?"</p>
            <p>"Show me," was the answer.</p>
            <p>"I'll sell it to you for the price of taking my gear. It's a concept never heard of before, and you can forget our deal as soon as I tell it to you. Are you game?"</p>
            <p>The boat captain said he was, and Kit liked his attitude.</p>
            <p>"Very well. You see that glacier? Take a pick-axe and dig into it. In a day you can have a decent groove from top to bottom. See the point? The Chilcoot and Crater Lake Slide Corporation. You&#39;ll have plenty of customers, and have no work to do but collect your money."</p>
            <p>Two hours later, Kit's luggage was across the lake, and he had saved three days&#39; time. And when John Bellew overtook him, he was well along toward Deep Lake.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_6">VI.</h2>
            <p>The last pack, from Long Lake to Lake Linderman, was three miles, and the trail rose up over a thousand-foot ridge, dropped down a slope of slippery rocks, and crossed a wide stretch of swamp. John Bellew complained when he saw Kit stand up with a hundred pounds on his back and a fifty-pound sack of flour against the back of his neck.</p>
            <p>"Come on, you champion of the hard life," Kit teased.</p>
            <p>But John Bellew shook his head.</p>
            <p>"I'm afraid I'm getting old, Christopher."</p>
            <p>"You're only forty-eight. Do you realize that my grandfather, your father, old Isaac Bellew, killed a man with his fist when he was sixty-nine years old?"</p>
            <p>John Bellew just grinned in reply.</p>
            <p>"Uncle, I want to tell you something important. I was raised to love simple pleasures, but I can outpack you and outwalk you. I am far stronger than you are right now."</p>
            <p>John Bellew thrust out his hand and spoke sincerely.</p>
            <p>"Christopher, my boy, I believe you can do it. I believe you can do it with that pack on your back at the same time. You've grown, boy, though I can&#39;t believe it."</p>
            <p>Kit made the round trip of the last pack four times a day. In other words, he daily covered twenty-four miles of mountain climbing, twelve miles of it under one hundred and fifty pounds. He was proud, hard, and tired, but in terrific physical condition. He ate and slept as he had never eaten and slept in his life, and as the end of the work came in sight, he was almost half sorry.</p>
            <p>Then they reached the swamp. Each trail through the mud was quickly destroyed by the steps of thousands of packers who were compelled continually to make new trails. It was while creating such a new trail that the soft surface gave way under him; he stumbled, and fell forward on his face. The fifty pounds crushed his face in the mud but luckily did not snap his neck, which he feared might happen. With the remaining hundred pounds on his back, he rose up to hands and knees. But he got no farther. One arm sank to the shoulder, so that his cheek was in the mud. Just as he drew his arm out, the other sank to the shoulder. In this position it was impossible to slip off the straps, and the hundred pound weight on his back would not let him rise. On hands and knees, sinking first one arm and then the other, he tried to crawl to where the small sack of flour had fallen. But he tired himself out without getting any further. He broke up the swampy grass surface so much that a tiny pool of water began to form dangerously close to his mouth and nose.</p>
            <p>He tried to throw himself on his back with the pack underneath, but this resulted in sinking both arms to the shoulders and gave him a taste of what drowning would be like. With incredible patience and the support of his chin, he slowly took one sunken arm out and then the other and rested them flat on the surface. Then he began to call for help. Soon he heard the sound of feet splashing through the mud as someone came from behind.</p>
            <p>"Lend a hand, friend," he said. "Throw me a rope or something."</p>
            <p>It was a woman's voice that answered, and he recognized it.</p>
            <p>"If you'll unbuckle the straps I can get up."</p>
            <p>The hundred pounds rolled into the mud with a wet noise as he slowly rose to his feet.</p>
            <p>"A nice mess," Miss Gastell laughed, at the sight of his mud-covered face.</p>
            <p>"Not at all," he replied lightly. "My favorite physical exercise. Try it sometime. It's great for the back muscles and the spine." He wiped his face, flinging the muck from his hand with a jerk.</p>
            <p>"Oh!" she cried, recognizing him. "It's Mr.&#34;ah&#34;Mr. Smoke Bellew."</p>
            <p>"I thank you for saving me and for calling me that," he answered. "From now on I will always insist on being called Smoke Bellew. It is a strong name, and not without significance."</p>
            <p>"Do you know what I'm going to do?" he demanded, suddenly. "I'm going back to the States. I am going to get married. I am going to raise a large family of children. And then, as the evening shadows fall, I will gather those children about me and talk about the suffering I experienced on the Chilcoot Trail. And if they don't cry&#34;I repeat, if they don't cry, I'll take them on the longest hike of their lives."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_7">VII.</h2>
            <p>The winter came swiftly. Snow lay six inches on the ground, and despite the fierce wind that blew, ice was starting to form on the ponds. It was in the late afternoon, during a break in the vicious wind, that Kit and John Bellew helped his cousins load the boat and watched it disappear down the lake in a snowstorm.</p>
            <p>"And now a night's sleep and an early start in the morning," said John Bellew. "If we aren't trapped by the storm at the summit we'll make it to the beach tomorrow night, and if we have luck in catching a steamboat we'll be in San Francisco in a week."</p>
            <p>"Enjoyed your vacation?" Kit asked absentmindedly.</p>
            <p>Their campsite for that last night at Linderman was a sad thing. Everything of use, including the tent, had been taken by the cousins. A tattered tarp, stretched to protect them from the wind, partially sheltered them from the heavy snow. They cooked supper over an open fire in a couple of battered and abandoned camp pans. All they had left were their blankets, and food for several meals.</p>
            <p>From the moment the boat departed, Kit had become absent and restless. His uncle noticed his condition, and thought it was because the end of the hard work had come. Only once during dinner did Kit speak.</p>
            <p>"Uncle," he said on a whim, "after this, I want you to call me Smoke. I've made some smoke on this trail, haven't I?"</p>
            <p>A few minutes later he wandered away in the direction of the village of tents that sheltered the gold-rushers who were still packing or building their boats. He was gone several hours, and when he returned and slipped into his blankets John Bellew was asleep.</p>
            <p>Kit crawled out in the darkness of a windy morning, built a fire in his socks, thawed out his frozen shoes, then boiled coffee and fried bacon. It was a chilly, miserable meal. As soon as they finished eating, Kit and John Bellew packed up their blankets. As the uncle turned to lead the way toward the Chilcoot Trail and back to San Francisco, Kit held out his hand in farewell.</p>
            <p>"Good-bye, Uncle," he said.</p>
            <p>John Bellew looked at him and swore in surprise.</p>
            <p>"Don't forget my name's Smoke," Kit scolded.</p>
            <p>"But what are you going to do?"</p>
            <p>Kit waved his hand in a general direction northward over the stormy lake.</p>
            <p>"Why would I turn back after getting this far?" he asked.</p>
            <p>"Besides, I've got my taste of the hard life, and I like it. I'm going on."</p>
            <p>"You're broke," protested John Bellew. "You have no supplies."</p>
            <p>"I've got a job. Look at your nephew, Christopher Smoke Bellew! I&#39;ve got a job at a hundred and fifty per month and all the food I can eat. I&#39;m going down to Dawson with some wealthy men who want an adventure in the Klondike. I&#39;ll be camp cook, boatman, and general all-around helper. And O'Hara and the Billow can go to hell. Good bye, Uncle."</p>
            <p>John Bellew was stunned, and could only mutter: "I don't understand."</p>
            <p>"They say the grizzley bears are everywhere in the Yukon," Kit explained. "Well, I've got only one pair of underpants, and I'm going after the bear meat, that's all."</p>
        </div>
        <div id="div_levelThree_57_1">
            <h2 class="chapter_1">I.</h2>
            <p>
                <span class="char-style-override-1">I</span>n the beginning, he was Christopher Bellew. By the time he was at college he had become Chris Bellew. Later, in the artistic crowd of San Francisco, he was called Kit Bellew. And in the end he was known by no other name than Smoke Bellew. And this history of the evolution of his name follows the history of his evolution. And it would not have happened had he not had a nurturing mother and a iron uncle, and had he not received a letter from Gillet Bellamy.</p>
            <p>"I have just seen a copy of the Billow," Gillet wrote from Paris. "Of course O'Hara will succeed with it. But it can be much improved." (Here followed countless details about how the paper could expand.) "Go down and see him. Let him think they're your own suggestions. Don't let him know they're from me. If he does, he'll make me Paris correspondent, which I can't afford, because I'm getting real money for my writing from the big magazines. Above all, don't forget to make him fire that fool who's doing the musical and art commentary. Another thing, there has always been great literature about San Francisco, but there isn&#39;t much being written now. Tell him to look around and get some blockhead to turn out a weekly column, and to put into it the real romance and beauty and colour of San Francisco."</p>
            <p>And down to the office of the Billow went Kit Bellew faithfully to instruct. O'Hara listened. O'Hara questioned. O'Hara agreed. O'Hara fired the fool who wrote commentary. But O'Hara had a way with him&#34;the very way that was feared by Gillet in distant Paris. When O'Hara wanted anything, no friend could deny him. He was sweet and compelling. Before Kit Bellew could escape from the office he had become an associate editor, had agreed to compose weekly columns of commentary till some decent writer was found, and had offered himself to write a weekly article of ten thousand words about life in San Francisco&#34;and all this without a wage. The Billow wasn't paying yet, O'Hara explained; and he announced it just as convincingly as he announced that there was only one man in San Francisco capable of writing the article, and that man was Kit Bellew.</p>
            <p>"Oh, Lord, I'm the blockhead!" Kit had groaned to himself afterwards on the narrow stairway.</p>
            <p>And there had begun his servitude to O'Hara and the demanding columns of the Billow. Week after week, he fought off creditors, argued with printers, and wrote twenty-five thousand words of all sorts. Nor did his workload lighten. The Billow was ambitious. It needed illustration, but the production process was expensive. The paper never had any money to pay Kit Bellew, and at the same time it was unable to pay for any additions to the office staff.</p>
            <p>"This is what comes of being a good person," Kit grumbled one day.</p>
            <p>"Thank God for good people then," O'Hara cried, with tears of happiness in his eyes as he gripped Kit's hand.</p>
            <p>"You're all that's saved me, Kit. If not for you I'd have gone broke. Just a little longer, old man, and things will be easier."</p>
            <p>"It will never be easier," was Kit's complaint. "I see my fate clearly. I shall be here always."</p>
            <p>A little later he thought he saw his way out. Seizing his chance, in O'Hara's presence, he fell over a chair. A few minutes afterwards he bumped into the corner of the desk, and, with shaking fingers, flipped a case of glue.</p>
            <p>"Out late last night?" O'Hara queried.</p>
            <p>Kit brushed his eyes with his hands and peered about him anxiously before replying.</p>
            <p>"No, it's not that. It's my eyes. They seem to be going bad on me, that's all."</p>
            <p>For several days he continued to fall over and bump into the office furniture. But O'Hara's heart was not softened.</p>
            <p>"I tell you what, Kit," he said one day, "you've got to see an eye doctor. There's Doctor Hassdapple. He's excellent. And it won't cost you anything. We&#39;ll do some advertizing for him. I'll see him about it myself."</p>
            <p>And, true to his word, he sent Kit to the eye doctor.</p>
            <p>"There's nothing wrong with your eyes," was the doctor's verdict, after a long examination. "In fact, your eyes are magnificent&#34;a pair in a million."</p>
            <p>"Don't tell O'Hara," Kit pleaded. "And give me a pair of glasses."</p>
            <p>The result of this was that O'Hara sympathized and talked glowingly of the time when the Billow would be on its feet.</p>
            <p>Luckily for Kit Bellew, he received a monthly allowance from his inheritance. It was small, compared with some, yet it was large enough to allow him to belong to several exclusive clubs and maintain an apartment in the Latin Quarter. In fact, since his associate editorship, his expenses had decreased a great deal. He had no time to spend money. He never saw his apartment any more, or had the pleasure of entertaining the local artists with his famous dinners.</p>
            <p>But he was always broke, because the Billow, in perennial distress, absorbed his cash as well as his brains. There were the illustrators who periodically refused to illustrate, the printers who periodically refused to print, and the office boy who frequently refused to even come into the office. At such times O'Hara looked at Kit, and Kit had no choice but to open his wallet.</p>
            <p>When the steamship Excelsior arrived from Alaska, bringing the news of the Klondike gold strike that set the country mad, Kit made an offhand suggestion.</p>
            <p>"Look here, O'Hara," he said. "This gold rush is going to be big&#34;like the California gold rush of '49 all over again. Suppose I cover it for the Billow? I'll pay my own expenses."</p>
            <p>O'Hara shook his head.</p>
            <p>"I need you in the office, Kit. Then there's the weekly column. Besides, I saw Jackson not an hour ago. He's starting for the Klondike tomorrow, and he's agreed to send a weekly letter and photos for the paper. I wouldn't let him get away till he promised. And the beauty of it is, that it doesn't cost us anything."</p>
            <p>The next Kit heard of the Klondike was when he dropped into the club that afternoon, and encountered his uncle.</p>
            <p>"Hello, Uncle," Kit greeted, sliding into a leather chair and spreading out his legs. "Won't you join me?"</p>
            <p>He ordered a cocktail, but his uncle contented himself with a glass of local red he invariably drank. He glanced with irritated disapproval at the cocktail, and on to his nephew's face. Kit saw a lecture emerging.</p>
            <p>"I've only got a minute," Kit announced hastily. "I've got to run and take in that Keith exhibition at Ellery's and write half a column on it."</p>
            <p>"What's the matter with you?" Kit&#39;s uncle demanded, disgruntled. "You're pale. You're a wreck."</p>
            <p>Kit's only answer was a groan.</p>
            <p>"I'll have the pleasure of burying you, I can see that."</p>
            <p>Kit shook his head sadly.</p>
            <p>"I won&#39;t be eaten by worms, thank you. It&#39;ll be cremation for me."</p>
            <p>John Bellew came of the old hard and hardy stock that had crossed the plains by ox-team in the fifties, and in him was this same hardness and the hardness of a childhood spent in the conquering of a new land.</p>
            <p>"You're not living right, Christopher,&#34; he said. &#34;I'm ashamed of you."</p>
            <p>"I&#39;ve taken the garden path, eh?" Kit chuckled.</p>
            <p>The older man shrugged his shoulders.</p>
            <p>"Don&#39;t shake your head at me, Uncle. I wish it was the garden path. But that's not the case at all. I have no time."</p>
            <p>"Then what in-?"</p>
            <p>"Overwork."</p>
            <p>John Bellew laughed harshly and incredulously.</p>
            <p>"Honest?"</p>
            <p>Again came the laughter.</p>
            <p>"Men are the products of their environment," Kit proclaimed, pointing at the other's glass. "Your laughter is as thin and bitter as your drink."</p>
            <p>"Overwork!" he chastised. "You never earned a cent in your life."</p>
            <p>"You bet I have&#34;only I never got it. I'm earning five hundred a week right now, and really doing the work of four men."</p>
            <p>"Can you swim?"</p>
            <p>"What? I used to."</p>
            <p>"Ride a horse?"</p>
            <p>"I can say I have managed it."</p>
            <p>John Bellew snorted his disgust.</p>
            <p>"I'm glad your father didn't live to see you in all the glory of your downright depravity," he said. "He would have told you you haven&#39;t accomplished anything."</p>
            <p>"Alas! these degenerate days," Kit sighed.</p>
            <p>"I could understand it, and tolerate it," the other went on savagely, "if you had succeeded with something in the arts. But you've never earned a cent in your life, or done any adult work at all."</p>
            <p>"Drawings, and pictures," Kit replied.</p>
            <p>"You're a dabbler and a failure. What pictures have you painted? Silly watercolours and nightmare posters. You've never had one exhibited, even here in San Francisco-"</p>
            <p>"Ah, you forget. There is one showcased within this very club."</p>
            <p>"A gross cartoon. And what about your music? Your dear fool of a mother spent hundreds on lessons. You've dabbled and failed. You've never even earned a five-dollar piece by accompanying someone at a concert. Your songs?&#34;ragtime rot that's never played and that's sung only by a pack of fake artists."</p>
            <p>"I had a book published once&#34;those sonnets, you remember," Kit offered meekly.</p>
            <p>"What did it cost you?"</p>
            <p>"Only a couple of hundred."</p>
            <p>"Any other achievements?"</p>
            <p>"I had a play acted out at the summer festival."</p>
            <p>"What did you get for it?"</p>
            <p>"Glory."</p>
            <p>"And you used to swim, and you have managed to ride a horse!" John Bellew set his glass down with unnecessary force. "What earthly good are you anyway? You were raised well, but even at university your grades were poor. You never won an election to a social club, or honor society. You didn't-"</p>
            <p>"I wrote a blurb for the school newspaper."</p>
            <p>"And was it well received?"</p>
            <p>"Not exactly; but I was almost considered for a column, only I was&#34;er-"</p>
            <p>"Go on."</p>
            <p>"Considered inconsistent."</p>
            <p>"Lazy, you mean."</p>
            <p>"Ah, I always thought it was a euphemism."</p>
            <p>"My father, sir, your grandfather, old Isaac Bellew, killed a man with a blow of his fist when he was sixty-nine years old. You won&#39;t be able to kill even a mosquito at sixty-nine."</p>
            <p>"The times have changed, oh, my uncle. They send men to state prisons for homicide now."</p>
            <p>"Your father rode one hundred and eighty-five miles to the hospital when your brother was born, without sleeping. Killed three horses."</p>
            <p>"Had he lived today, he'd have snored over the rails in a sleeping car."</p>
            <p>The older man was on the verge of choking with wrath, but swallowed it down and managed to ask:</p>
            <p>"How old are you?"</p>
            <p>"I have reason to believe I&#39;m-"</p>
            <p>"I know. Twenty-seven. You finished college at twenty-two. You've dabbled and played around for five years. Before God and man, of what use are you? When I was your age I had one suit of underpants. I was riding with the cattle in Colusa. I was hard as rocks, and I could sleep on a rock. I lived on jerked beef and bear meat. I am a better man physically right now than you are. You only weigh about one hundred and sixty-five. I could pick you up and throw you.&#34;</p>
            <p>"It doesn't take a physical prodigy to drink cocktails or wine," Kit murmured. "Don't you see, my uncle, this is a new era. Besides, I wasn't brought up right. My dear fool of a mother-"</p>
            <p>John Bellew twitched angrily.</p>
            <p>"-As you described her, was too good to me; kept me in the finest clothes and all the rest. Now, if only you had taken me with you on some of those intensely exhilarating vacations you go in for when I was younger. Why didn&#39;t you invite me sometimes? You took Hal and Robbie all over the Sierras and on that Mexico trip."</p>
            <p>"I guess you were too fond of home."</p>
            <p>"Your fault, Uncle, and my dear&#34;er&#34;mother's. How was I to know of the hard life? I was only a child. What was there left but drawings and pictures? Was it my fault that I never had to sweat?"</p>
            <p>The older man looked at his nephew with unconcealed disgust. He had no patience for Kit&#39;s casual attitude.</p>
            <p>"Well, I'm going to take another one of those what-you-call &#34;exhilarating vacations.&#34; Suppose I asked you to come along?"</p>
            <p>"Rather late, I must say. Where are you going?"</p>
            <p>"Hal and Robert are going in to Klondike, and I'm going to see them across the Pass and down to the Lakes, then return-"</p>
            <p>He got no further, for the young man had sprung forward and gripped his hand.</p>
            <p>"My savior!"</p>
            <p>John Bellew was immediately suspicious. He had not dreamed the invitation would be accepted.</p>
            <p>"You don't mean it," he said.</p>
            <p>"When do we embark?"</p>
            <p>"It will be a hard trip. You'll be in the way."</p>
            <p>"No, I won't. I'll work. I've learned to work since I started working at the Billow."</p>
            <p>"Each man has to take a year's supplies in with him. Hal and Robert will have to take everything across themselves, so that's why I'm going along&#34;to help them carry it all. If you come you'll have to do the same."</p>
            <p>"Watch me."</p>
            <p>"You can't pack," was the objection.</p>
            <p>"When do we start?"</p>
            <p>"Tomorrow."</p>
            <p>"But don&#39;t assume that your lecture on the hard life has done it," Kit said, at parting. "I just had to get away, somewhere, anywhere, from O'Hara and the Billow."</p>
            <p>That night Kit Bellew wrote a note to O'Hara.</p>
            <p>"It's only several weeks' vacation," he explained. "You'll have to get some fool to squeeze out installments for that weekly column. Sorry, old man, but my health demands it. I'll kick in twice as hard when I get back."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_2">II.</h2>
            <p>Kit Bellew arrived in the madness of the Dyea beach, which was filled with the thousand-pound gear of thousands of men. This immense collection of luggage and food, flung ashore in mountains by the steamships, was beginning to slowly dribble up the Dyea valley and across Chilcoot. The luggage had to travel twenty-eight miles, and this could be accomplished only on the backs of men. Despite the fact that the Indian packers had jumped their carrying cost from eight cents a pound to forty, they were swamped with work. It was plain that many would not be able to reach the divide before winter.</p>
            <p>Tenderest of the tender-feet was Kit. Like many hundreds of others he carried a big revolver on his belt. His uncle also carried one, as he was filled with memories of old lawless days. But Kit Bellew was romantic. He was fascinated by the gold rush, and viewed its life and movement with an artist's eye. He did not take it seriously. As he said on the steam ship, this was not his funeral. He was merely on a vacation, and intended to peep over the top of the pass for a 'look see' and then to return.</p>
            <p>Leaving his group on the sand as they waited for their load to come ashore, he strolled up the beach toward the old trading post. He did not strut, though he noticed that others did. A powerfully built six-foot Indian passed him, carrying an unusually large pack. Kit swung in behind him, admiring the splendid calves of the man, and the grace and ease with which he moved along under his burden. The Indian dropped his pack on the scales in front of the post, and Kit joined the group of admiring gold-rushers who surrounded him. The pack weighed one hundred and twenty pounds, and this fact was uttered back and forth in tones of awe. Kit wondered if he could lift such a weight, much less walk off with it.</p>
            <p>"Going to Lake Linderman with it, old man?" someone asked.</p>
            <p>The Indian, swelling with pride, grunted an affirmative.</p>
            <p>"How much you make that one pack?"</p>
            <p>"Fifty dollar."</p>
            <p>Here Kit slid out of the conversation. A young woman, standing in the doorway, had caught his eye. Unlike other women landing from the steamships, she wasn&#39;t wearing a short-skirt or long dress. She was dressed for travel. What struck him about her was the feeling that somehow she belonged here. Moreover, she was young and pretty. The bright beauty and color of her oval face held him, and he looked at her a long time&#34;looked till she resented, and her own eyes, long-lashed and dark, met his cooley.</p>
            <p>From his face her eyes travelled in evident amusement down to the big revolver at his thigh. Then they came back to his, and in them was amused contempt. It struck him like a blow. She turned to the man beside her and pointed to Kit. The man looked him over with the same amused contempt.</p>
            <p>"Chechaquo," the woman said.</p>
            <p>The man, who looked like a homeless person with his cheap overalls and shabby woollen jacket, grinned dryly, and Kit felt weak though he did not know why. But anyway she was an unusually pretty girl, he decided, as the two moved off. He noted the way she walked, and knew he could remember her gait for a thousand years.</p>
            <p>"Did you see that man with the girl?" Kit's neighbour asked him excitedly. "Know who he is?"</p>
            <p>Kit shook his head.</p>
            <p>"Cariboo Charley. He was just pointed out to me. He struck big gold on the Klondike. Old timer. Been on the Yukon a dozen years. He's just come back."</p>
            <p>"What's &#34;chechaquo&#39; mean?" Kit asked.</p>
            <p>"You're one; I'm one," was the answer.</p>
            <p>"Maybe I am, but what does it mean?"</p>
            <p>"Tender-foot."</p>
            <p>On his way back to the beach Kit turned the phrase over and over. It irritated him to be called tender-foot by a woman, and a thin wisp of a woman at that.</p>
            <p>His mind still filled with the vision of the Indian with the massive pack, Kit went into a corner among the heaps of luggage and attempted to learn his own strength. He picked out a sack of flour which he knew weighed an even hundred pounds. He stepped next to it, reached down, and attempted to lift it onto his shoulder. His first conclusion was that one hundred pounds was truly heavy. His next was that his back was weak. His third was an oath, and it occurred at the end of five futile minutes, when he collapsed on top of the burden with which he was wrestling. He mopped his forehead, and, across a heap of food-sacks, saw John Bellew gazing at him, cool amusement in his eyes.</p>
            <p>"God!" proclaimed that apostle of the hard life. "Out of our loins has come a race of weaklings. When I was sixteen I toyed with things like that."</p>
            <p>"You forget, Uncle," Kit retorted, "that I wasn't raised to live that life."</p>
            <p>"And I'll toy with it when I'm sixty."</p>
            <p>"You've got to show me."</p>
            <p>John Bellew did. He was forty-eight, but he bent over the sack, applied a tentative, shifting grip that balanced it, and, with a quick heave, stood up tall, the sack of flour on his shoulder.</p>
            <p>"Knack, my boy, knack&#34;and a spine."</p>
            <p>Kit took his hat off reverently.</p>
            <p>"You're a wonder, Uncle, a shining wonder. Do ya think I can learn the knack?"</p>
            <p>John Bellew shrugged his shoulders.</p>
            <p>"You'll be lagging behind before we even get started."</p>
            <p>"Never you fear," Kit groaned. "There's O'Hara, the roaring lion, down there in San Francisco. I'm not going back till I have to."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_3">III.</h2>
            <p>Kit's first pack was a success. They had managed to get Indians to carry the twenty-five hundred-pounds up to Finnegan's Crossing. From that point their own backs would have to do the work. They planned to move forward at the rate of a mile a day. It looked easy&#34;on paper. Since John Bellew was going to stay in camp and do the cooking, he would be unable to join them for more than the occasional pack. So to each of the three young men fell the task of carrying eight hundred pounds one mile each day. If they carried fifty-pound packs, it meant a daily walk of sixteen miles loaded and of fifteen miles with a lighter load&#34;"Because we don't back-trip the last time," Kit explained the pleasant discovery; eighty-pound packs meant nineteen miles travel each day. Hundred-pound packs meant only fifteen miles.</p>
            <p>"I don't like walking," said Kit. "So I will carry one hundred pounds." He caught the grin of skepticism on his uncle's face, and added hastily: "Of course I will work up to one hundred. A</p>
            <p>fellow's got to learn the ropes and tricks first. I'll start with fifty."</p>
            <p>He did, and ambled merrily along the trail. He dropped the sack at the next campsite and ambled back. It was easier than he had thought. But two miles had rubbed off the first layer of his strength and exposed the softness beneath. His second pack was sixty-five pounds. It was more difficult, and he no longer ambled. Several times, following the custom of all packers, he sat down on the ground, resting the pack behind him on a rock or stump. With the third pack he became bold. He fastened the straps to a ninety-five-pound sack of beans and started again. At the end of a hundred yards he feared he might collapse. He sat down and mopped his face.</p>
            <p>"Short hauls and short rests," he muttered. "That's the trick."</p>
            <p>Sometimes he did not make a hundred yards, and each time he struggled to his feet for another short haul the pack became undeniably heavier. His breathing became laboured, and the sweat streamed down his face. Before he had covered a quarter of a mile he stripped off his woollen shirt and hung it on a tree. A little later he threw off his hat. At the end of half a mile he decided he was finished. He had never worked so hard in all his life. As he sat and breathed heavily, his gaze fell upon the big revolver and the heavy cartridge-belt.</p>
            <p>"Ten pounds of junk," he sneered, as he unbuckled it.</p>
            <p>He did not bother to hang it on a tree, but flung it into the underbrush. And as the steady tide of packers flowed by him, up trail and down, he noted that the other tender-feet were also beginning to shed their guns as well.</p>
            <p>His short hauls decreased. At times a hundred feet was all he could manage, and then the ominous pounding of his heart against his ear-drums and the sickening weakness of his knees compelled him to rest. And his rests grew longer. But his mind was busy. It was a twenty-eight mile trip, which represented as many days, and this, by all accounts, was the easiest part of it. "Wait till you get to Chilcoot," others told him as they rested and talked, "where you climb with hands and feet."</p>
            <p>"There ain't going to be no Chilcoot," was his answer. "Not for me. Long before that I'll be at peace in my little bed beneath the moss."</p>
            <p>Some time later he slipped, and the violent wrenching effort he needed to recover himself frightened him. He felt that everything inside him had been torn to pieces.</p>
            <p>"If ever I fall down with this on my back I'm a goner," he told another packer.</p>
            <p>"That's nothing," came the answer. "Wait till you hit the Canyon. You'll have to cross a raging current on a sixty-foot pine tree. No guide ropes, nothing, and the water churning dangerously around the log and going up your knees. If you fall with a pack on your back, there's no getting out of the straps. You just stay there and drown."</p>
            <p>"Sounds good to me," he retorted gloomily; and out of the depths of his exhaustion he almost half meant it.</p>
            <p>"They drown three or four a day there," the man assured him. "I helped fish a German out of there. He had four thousand dollars on him too."</p>
            <p>"Cheerful, I must say," said Kit, battling his way to his feet and struggling on. He and the sack of beans became a walking tragedy.</p>
            <p>This was one of those intensely exhilarating vacations, he thought to himself. Compared with it, the servitude to O'Hara was sweet. Again and again he was nearly moved to action by the thought of abandoning the sack of beans in the brush and of sneaking around the camp to the beach and catching a steamship for civilization.</p>
            <p>But he didn't. Somewhere in him was the love of the hard life, and he repeated over and over to himself that what other men could do, he could. It became a nightmare chant. At other times, resting, he watched and envied the strong, sure-footed Indians that ambled by under heavier packs. They never seemed to rest, but went on and on with a steadiness and certitude that Kit found appalling.</p>
            <p>He sat and cursed&#34;he had no breath to curse when on the trail&#34;and fought the temptation to sneak back to San Francisco. Before the mile pack was ended he ceased cursing and took to crying. The tears were tears of exhaustion and of disgust with himself. If ever a man was a wreck, he was. As the campsite came into his vision, he pushed forward in desperation. When he finally got there he fell forward onto his face, the beans still on his back. It did not kill him, but he lay for fifteen minutes before he could summon sufficient strength to release himself from the straps. Then he became deathly sick, and was found by Robbie, who had similar troubles of his own. It was this similar weakness of Robbie that made him stronger.</p>
            <p>"What other men can do, we can do," Kit told him with authority, though down in his heart he wondered whether or not he was bluffing.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_4">IV.</h2>
            <p>"And I am twenty-seven years old and strong," he privately assured himself many times in the days that followed. There was need for it. At the end of a week, though he had succeeded in moving his eight hundred pounds forward a mile a day, he had lost fifteen pounds of his own weight. His face was lean. All resilience had gone out of his body and mind. He no longer walked, but plodded. And on the back-trips, travelling light, his feet dragged almost as much as when he was loaded.</p>
            <p>He had become a work animal. He fell asleep while eating his food, and his sleep was deep, except for times when he would be awoken by the cramps in his legs, which would leave him screaming with agony. Every part of him ached. He stepped on raw blisters, yet this was even easier than the fearful bruising his feet received on the water-rounded rocks of the Dyea Flats, across which the trail led for two miles. These two miles really represented thirty-eight miles of travelling back and forth. He washed his face once a day. His nails, torn and broken and afflicted with hangnails, were never cleaned. His shoulders and chest, irritated by the pack-straps, made him think, and for the first time with understanding, of the horses he had seen on city streets.</p>
            <p>One challenge that nearly destroyed him at first had been the food. The extraordinary amount of work demanded extraordinary feuling, and his stomach was unaccustomed to great quantities of bacon and coarse brown beans. As a result, his stomach had been upset, and for several days the excruciating pain and irritation of it coupled with his starvation nearly broke him down. And then came the day of joy when he could eat like a ravenous animal, and, wolf-eyed, ask for more.</p>
            <p>When they had moved the gear across the foot-logs at the mouth of the Canyon, they made a change in their plans. Word had come across the Pass that at Lake Linderman the last available trees for building boats were being cut. The two cousins, with tools, a saw, blankets, and grub on their backs, went on, leaving Kit and his uncle to hustle along the gear. John Bellew now shared the cooking with Kit, and both carried gear shoulder to shoulder. Time was flying, and on the peaks the first snow was falling. To be caught on the wrong side of the Pass meant a delay of nearly a year.</p>
            <p>The older man fastened a hundred-pound sack to his iron back. Kit was shocked, but he gritted his teeth and fastened his own straps to a hundred pounds. It hurt, but he had learned the knack, and his body, purged of all softness and fat, was beginning to harden up with muscle. Also, he could finally think clearly. He took note of the head-straps worn by the Indians, and manufactured one for himself, which he used in addition to the shoulder-straps. It made things easier, so that he began the practice of piling light pieces of luggage on top. Thus, he was soon able to go along with a hundred pounds in the straps, fifteen or twenty more lying loosely on top the pack and against his neck, an axe or a pair of oars in one hand, and in the other the nested cooking-pans of the camp.</p>
            <p>But work as they would, the toil increased. The trail grew more rugged; their packs grew heavier; and each day snow dropped lower down the mountains. The cost to send luggage by freight rose to sixty cents. No word came from the cousins beyond, so they knew they must be at work chopping down the standing trees, and sawing them into boat-planks. John Bellew grew anxious. Capturing a bunch of Indians back-tripping from Lake Linderman, he persuaded them to lend a hand. They charged thirty cents a pound to carry it to the summit of Chilcoot, and he could barely afford it. As it was, some four hundred pounds of clothes-bags and camping materials was left behind. Kit&#39;s uncle remained behind to move it along, sending Kit with the Indians. At the summit Kit was to remain, slowly moving his ton until overtaken by the four hundred pounds with which his uncle guaranteed to catch him.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_5">V.</h2>
            <p>Kit plodded along the grueling trail with the Indian packers. Recognizing that it was to be a long pack, straight to the top of Chilcoot, his own load was only eighty pounds. The Indians walked slowly under their loads, but it was a quicker pace than he had practised. Yet he felt no anxiety about it, and by now had come to see himself almost the equal of an Indian.</p>
            <p>At the end of a quarter of a mile he desired to rest. But the Indians kept on. He stayed with them, and kept his place in the line. After a half mile he was convinced that he had lost all his stamina, and was incapable of another step, yet he gritted his teeth, kept his place, and at the end of the mile was amazed that he was still alive. Then came the thing called second wind, and the next mile was almost easier than the first. The third mile nearly killed him, and yet, though half delirious with pain and fatigue, he never whimpered. And then, when he felt he must surely faint, came the rest. Instead of sitting in the straps, as was the custom of the white packers, the Indians slipped out of the shoulder - and head - straps and lay at ease, talking and smoking. A full half hour passed before they made another start. To Kit's surprise he found himself a fresh man, and 'long hauls and long rests' became his newest motto.</p>
            <p>The top of Chilcoot was as hard a trek as he had heard it described, and he often needed to climb with hands as well as feet. But when he reached the crest of the divide in the thick of a driving snowstorm, it was in the company of the Indians packers, and his secret pride was that he had come through with them and never squealed and never lagged. To be almost as good as an Indian was a new achievement to cherish.</p>
            <p>When he had paid off the Indians and seen them depart, a stormy darkness was falling, and he was left alone, a thousand feet above where the last trees grew, on the back-bone of a mountain. Wet to the waist, famished and exhausted, he would have given a year's income for a fire and a cup of coffee. Instead, he ate half a dozen cold pancakes and crawled into the folds of the partly unrolled tent. As he dozed off he had time only for one fleeting thought, and he grinned with vicious pleasure at the picture of John Bellew in the days to follow, back-tripping his four hundred pounds up Chilcoot. As for himself, even though burdened with two thousand pounds, he was bound down the hill.</p>
            <p>In the morning, stiff from his labors and numb with the cold, he rolled out of the tent, ate a couple of pounds of uncooked bacon, buckled the straps on a hundred pounds, and went down the rocky way. Several hundred yards beneath, the trail led across a small glacier and down to Crater Lake. Other men packed across the glacier. All that day he dropped his packs at the glacier's upper edge, and, by virtue of the shortness of the pack, he put his straps on one hundred and fifty pounds each load. His astonishment at being able to do it never decreased. For two dollars he bought from an Indian three leathery biscuits, and made several meals using these and a huge quantity of raw bacon. Unwashed, unwarmed, his clothing wet with sweat, he slept another night in the tent.</p>
            <p>In the early morning he spread a tarp on the ice, loaded it with three-quarters of a ton of gear, and started to pull. Where the pitch of the glacier sloped, his load began to slide, overran him, scooped him in on top, and ran away with him.</p>
            <p>A hundred packers, bending under their loads, stopped to watch him. He yelled frantic warnings, and those in his path stumbled and staggered aside. Below, on the lower edge of the glacier, was pitched a small tent, which seemed to be leaping toward him, growing larger every moment. He left the beaten track where the packers' trail swerved to the left, and struck a patch of fresh snow. This arose about him in frosty smoke, while it reduced his speed. He saw the tent the instant he struck it, still on top of the tarp and in the midst of his food sacks. The tarp carried away the corner hooks of the tent, bursted in the front flaps, and got caught up inside. The tent rocked drunkenly, and in the frosty vapour he found himself face to face with a startled young woman who was sitting up in her blankets&#34;the very one who had called him &#34;chechaquo&#39; at Dyea.</p>
            <p>"Did you see my smoke?" he queried cheerfully.</p>
            <p>She regarded him with disapproval.</p>
            <p>"Talk about your magic carpets!" he went on.</p>
            <p>"Do you mind removing that sack from my foot?" she said coldly.</p>
            <p>He looked, and lifted his weight quickly.</p>
            <p>"It wasn't a sack. It was my elbow. Pardon me."</p>
            <p>The information did not perturb her, and her coolness was a challenge.</p>
            <p>"It was fortunate you did not overturn the stove," she said.</p>
            <p>He followed her glance and saw a sheet-iron stove and a coffee-pot, attended by a young Indian girl. He sniffed the coffee and looked back to the girl.</p>
            <p>"I'm a chechaquo," he said.</p>
            <p>Her bored expression told him that he was stating the obvious. But he was not embarrassed.</p>
            <p>"I've shed my revolver," he added.</p>
            <p>Then she recognized him, and her eyes lighted.</p>
            <p>"I never thought you'd get this far," she informed him.</p>
            <p>Again, and greedily, he sniffed the air.</p>
            <p>"As I live, coffee!" He turned and directly addressed her. "I'll give you my little finger&#34;cut it right off now. I'll do anything. I'll be your servant for a year and a day or any other odd time, if you'll give me a cup out of that pot."</p>
            <p>And over the coffee he gave his name and learned hers&#34;Joy Gastell. Also, he learned that she was an old-timer in the country. She had been born in a trading post on the Great Slave, and as a child had crossed the Rockies with her father and come down to the Yukon. She was going in with her father, she said, who had been delayed in Seattle.</p>
            <p>In view of the fact that she was still in her blankets, he did not make it a long conversation, and, nobly declining a second cup of coffee, he removed himself and his quarter of a ton of baggage from her tent. Further, he took several conclusions away with him: she had a beautiful name and beautiful eyes; could not be more than twenty, or twenty-one or two; her father must be French; she had a strong will and had clearly been educated elsewhere than on the frontier.</p>
            <p>Over the ice-carved rocks, and above the timber-line, the trail ran around Crater Lake and then through the rocky pass that led toward Happy Camp and the first scrub pines. To pack his heavy luggage around would take days of back-breaking toil. Luckily Kit found a boat on the lake employed in carrying gear. Two trips with it, in two hours, would see him and his ton across. But he was broke, and the ferryman charged forty dollars a ton.</p>
            <p>"My friend, you've got a gold-mine in that dinky boat," Kit said to the ferryman. "Do you want another gold-mine?"</p>
            <p>"Show me," was the answer.</p>
            <p>"I'll sell it to you for the price of ferrying my gear. It's an idea, not patented, and you can forget our deal as soon as I tell it to you. Are you game?"</p>
            <p>The ferryman said he was, and Kit liked his looks.</p>
            <p>"Very well. You see that glacier. Take a pick-axe and dig into it. In a day you can have a decent groove from top to bottom. See the point? The Chilcoot and Crater Lake Consolidated Chute Corporation, Limited. You can charge fifty cents a hundred, get a hundred tons a day, and have no work to do but collect your money."</p>
            <p>Two hours later, Kit's ton was across the lake, and he had gained three days on himself. And when John Bellew overtook him, he was well along toward Deep Lake, another volcanic pit filled with glacial water.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_6">VI.</h2>
            <p>The last pack, from Long Lake to Linderman, was three miles, and the trail, if trail it could be called, rose up over a thousand-foot ridge, dropped down a slope of slippery rocks, and crossed a wide stretch of swamp. John Bellew complained when he saw Kit stand up with a hundred pounds in the straps and pick up a fifty-pound sack of flour and place it on top of the pack against the back of his neck.</p>
            <p>"Come on, you chunk of the hard life," Kit retorted. "Kick in on your bear meat fodder and your one pair of underpants!"</p>
            <p>But John Bellew shook his head.</p>
            <p>"I'm afraid I'm getting old, Christopher."</p>
            <p>"You're only forty-eight. Do you realize that my grandfather, sir, your father, old Isaac Bellew, killed a man with his fist when he was sixty-nine years old?"</p>
            <p>John Bellew grinned and swallowed his own words thrown back at him.</p>
            <p>"Uncle, I want to tell you something important. I was raised to love simple pleasures, but I can outpack you, outwalk you&#34;I am far stronger than you are right now."</p>
            <p>John Bellew thrust out his hand and spoke solemnly.</p>
            <p>"Christopher, my boy, I believe you can do it. I believe you can do it with that pack on your back at the same time. You've evolved, boy, though it's too unthinkable to believe."</p>
            <p>Kit made the round trip of the last pack four times a day, which is to say that he daily covered twenty-four miles of mountain climbing, twelve miles of it under one hundred and fifty pounds. He was proud, hard, and tired, but in magnificent physical condition. He ate and slept as he had never eaten and slept in his life, and as the end of the work came in sight, he was almost half sorry.</p>
            <p>Then they reached the swamp. Each trail through the mud was quickly turned into bottomless muck by the thousands of packers, who were compelled continually to make new trails. It was while creating such a new trail, the soft surface gave way under him; he stumbled, and fell forward on his face. The fifty pounds crushed his face in the mud but luckily did not snap his neck, as he thought it might do. With the remaining hundred pounds on his back, he rose up to hands and knees. But he got no farther. One arm sank to the shoulder, so that his cheek rested in the mud. Just as he drew his arm out, the other sank to the shoulder. In this position it was impossible to slip off the straps, and the hundred pound weight on his back would not let him rise. On hands and knees, sinking first one arm and then the other, he made an effort to crawl to where the small sack of flour had fallen. But he was exhausted without getting any further. He disturbed the swampy grass surface so much that a tiny pool of water began to form dangerously close to his mouth and nose.</p>
            <p>He tried to throw himself on his back with the pack underneath, but this resulted in sinking both arms to the shoulders and gave him a taste of what drowning would be like. With sublime patience and the support of his chin, he slowly withdrew one sunken arm and then the other and rested them flat on the surface. Then he began to call for help. After a time he heard the sound of feet sloshing through the mud as someone advanced from behind.</p>
            <p>"Lend a hand, friend," he said. "Throw out a lifeline or something."</p>
            <p>It was a woman's voice that answered, and he recognized it.</p>
            <p>"If you'll unbuckle the straps I can get up."</p>
            <p>The hundred pounds rolled into the mud with a soggy noise, and he slowly rose to his feet.</p>
            <p>"A pretty predicament," Miss Gastell laughed, at sight of his mud-covered face.</p>
            <p>"Not at all," he replied lightly. "My favorite physical exercise stunt. Try it sometime. It's great for the pectoral muscles and the spine." He wiped his face, flinging the slush from his hand with a snappy jerk.</p>
            <p>"Oh!" she cried in recognition. "It's Mr.&#34;ah&#34;Mr. Smoke Bellew."</p>
            <p>"I thank you gravely for your timely rescue and for that name," he answered. "I have been doubly baptized. Henceforth I shall insist always on being called Smoke Bellew. It is a strong name, and not without significance."</p>
            <p>He paused, and then his voice and expression became suddenly fierce.</p>
            <p>"Do you know what I'm going to do?" he demanded. "I'm going back to the States. I am going to get married. I am going to raise a large family of children. And then, as the evening shadows fall, I shall gather those children about me and relate the sufferings and hardships I endured on the Chilcoot Trail. And if they don't cry&#34;I repeat, if they don't cry, I'll take them on the longest hike of their lives."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_7">VII.</h2>
            <p>The arctic winter came down swiftly. Snow lay six inches on the ground, and despite the fierce gusts that blew, ice was starting to form on quiet ponds. It was in the late afternoon, during a break in the vicious wind, that Kit and John Bellew helped the cousins load the boat and watched it disappear down the lake in a snowstorm.</p>
            <p>"And now a night's sleep and an early start in the morning," said John Bellew. "If we aren't trapped by the storm at the summit we'll make Dyea tomorrow night, and if we have luck in catching a steamship we'll be in San Francisco in a week."</p>
            <p>"Enjoyed your vacation?" Kit asked absentmindedly.</p>
            <p>Their campsite for that last night at Linderman was a sad thing. Everything of use, including the tent, had been taken by the cousins. A tattered tarp, stretched as a windbreaker, partially sheltered them from the driving snow. They cooked supper over an open fire in a couple of battered and abandoned camp pails. All they had left were their blankets, and food for several meals.</p>
            <p>From the moment the boat departed, Kit had become absent and restless. His uncle noticed his condition, and assumed it was because the end of the hard labour had come. Only once during supper did Kit speak.</p>
            <p>"Uncle," he said on a whim, "after this, I wish you'd call me Smoke. I've made some smoke on this trail, haven't I?"</p>
            <p>A few minutes later he wandered away in the direction of the village of tents that sheltered the gold-rushers who were still packing or building their boats. He was gone several hours, and when he returned and slipped into his blankets John Bellew was asleep.</p>
            <p>Kit crawled out in the darkness of a windy morning, built a fire in his socks, which he used to thaw out his frozen shoes, then boiled coffee and fried bacon. It was a chilly, miserable meal. As soon as they finished eating, Kit and John Bellew strapped their blankets. As the uncle turned to lead the way toward the Chilcoot Trail and back to San Francisco, Kit held out his hand in farewell.</p>
            <p>"Good-bye, Uncle," he said.</p>
            <p>John Bellew looked at him and swore in surprise.</p>
            <p>"Don't forget my name's Smoke," Kit scolded.</p>
            <p>"But what are you going to do?"</p>
            <p>Kit waved his hand in a general direction northward over the storm-ravaged lake.</p>
            <p>"What's the good of turning back after getting this far?" he asked.</p>
            <p>"Besides, I've got my taste of the hard life, and I like it. I'm going on."</p>
            <p>"You're broke," protested John Bellew. "You have no gear."</p>
            <p>"I've got a job. Behold your nephew, Christopher Smoke Bellew! He's got a job at a hundred and fifty per month and plenty of food. He's going down to Dawson with a couple of dudes and another gentleman's man&#34;camp-cook, boatman, and general all-around hustler. And O'Hara and the Billow can go to hell. Good bye, Uncle."</p>
            <p>But John Bellew was dazed, and could only mutter: "I don't understand."</p>
            <p>"They say the baldface grizzlies are thick in the Yukon Basin," Kit explained. "Well, I've got only one pair of underpants, and I'm going after the bear meat, that's all."</p>
        </div>
        <div id="div_levelFour_57_1">
            <h2 class="chapter_1">I.</h2>
            <p>
                <span class="char-style-override-1">I</span>n the beginning, he was Christopher Bellew. By the time he was at college he had become Chris Bellew. Later, in the Bohemian crowd of San Francisco, he was called Kit Bellew. And in the end he was known by no other name than Smoke Bellew. And this history of the evolution of his name is the history of his evolution. Nor would it have happened had he not had a nurturing mother and an iron uncle, and had he not received a letter from Gillet Bellamy.</p>
            <p>"I have just seen a copy of the Billow," Gillet wrote from Paris. "Of course O'Hara will succeed with it. But he's missing some plays." (Here followed details in the improvement of the budding society weekly.) "Go down and see him. Let him think they're your own suggestions. Don't let him know they're from me. If he does, he'll make me Paris correspondent, which I can't afford, because I'm getting real money for my stuff from the big magazines. Above all, don't forget to make him fire that dub who's doing the musical and art criticism. Another thing, San Francisco has always had a literature of her own. But she hasn't any now. Tell him to kick around and get some gink to turn out a live serial, and to put into it the real romance and glamour and colour of San Francisco."</p>
            <p>And down to the office of the Billow went Kit Bellew faithfully to instruct. O'Hara listened. O'Hara debated. O'Hara agreed. O'Hara fired the dub who wrote criticism. Further, O'Hara had a way with him&#34;the very way that was feared by Gillet in distant Paris. When O'Hara wanted anything, no friend could deny him. He was sweetly and compellingly irresistible. Before Kit Bellew could escape from the office he had become an associate editor, had agreed to write weekly columns of criticism till some decent pen was found, and had pledged himself to write a weekly installment of ten thousand words on the San Francisco serial&#34;and all this without a wage. The Billow wasn't paying yet, O'Hara explained; and just as convincingly had he announced that there was only one man in San Francisco capable of writing the serial, and that man Kit Bellew.</p>
            <p>"Oh, Lord, I'm the gink!" Kit had groaned to himself afterwards on the narrow stairway.</p>
            <p>And there had begun his servitude to O'Hara and the insatiable columns of the Billow. Week after week he held down an office chair, stood off creditors, wrangled with printers, and turned out twenty-five thousand words of all sorts weekly. Nor did his labours lighten. The Billow was ambitious. It went in for illustration. The processes were expensive. It never had any money to pay Kit Bellew, and by the same token it was unable to pay for any additions to the office staff.</p>
            <p>"This is what comes of being a good fellow," Kit grumbled one day.</p>
            <p>"Thank God for good fellows then," O'Hara cried, with tears in his eyes as he gripped Kit's hand.</p>
            <p>"You're all that's saved me, Kit. But for you I'd have gone bust. Just a little longer, old man, and things will be easier."</p>
            <p>"Never," was Kit's complaint. "I see my fate clearly. I shall be here always."</p>
            <p>A little later he thought he saw his way out. Watching his chance, in O'Hara's presence, he fell over a chair. A few minutes afterwards he bumped into the corner of the desk, and, with fumbling fingers, capsized a paste pot.</p>
            <p>"Out late?" O'Hara queried.</p>
            <p>Kit brushed his eyes with his hands and peered about him anxiously before replying.</p>
            <p>"No, it's not that. It's my eyes. They seem to be going back on me, that's all."</p>
            <p>For several days he continued to fall over and bump into the office furniture. But O'Hara's heart was not softened.</p>
            <p>"I tell you what, Kit," he said one day, "you've got to see an oculist. There's Doctor Hassdapple. He's a crackerjack. And it won't cost you anything. We can get it for advertizing. I'll see him myself."</p>
            <p>And, true to his word, he dispatched Kit to the oculist.</p>
            <p>"There's nothing the matter with your eyes," was the doctor's verdict, after a lengthy examination. "In fact, your eyes are magnificent&#34;a pair in a million."</p>
            <p>"Don't tell O'Hara," Kit pleaded. "And give me a pair of black glasses."</p>
            <p>The result of this was that O'Hara sympathized and talked glowingly of the time when the Billow would be on its feet.</p>
            <p>Luckily for Kit Bellew, he had his own income. Small it was, compared with some, yet it was large enough to enable him to belong to several clubs and maintain a studio in the Latin Quarter. In point of fact, since his associate editorship, his expenses had decreased prodigiously. He had no time to spend money. He never saw the studio any more, nor entertained the local Bohemians with his famous chafing-dish suppers. Yet he was always broke, for the Billow, in perennial distress, absorbed his cash as well as his brains. There were the illustrators who periodically refused to illustrate, the printers who periodically refused to print, and the office boy who frequently refused to officiate. At such times O'Hara looked at Kit, and Kit did the rest.</p>
            <p>When the steamship Excelsior arrived from Alaska, bringing the news of the Klondike strike that set the country mad, Kit made a purely frivolous proposition.</p>
            <p>"Look here, O'Hara," he said. "This gold rush is going to be big&#34;the days of '49 over again. Suppose I cover it for the Billow? I'll pay my own expenses."</p>
            <p>O'Hara shook his head.</p>
            <p>"Can't spare you from the office, Kit. Then there's that serial. Besides, I saw Jackson not an hour ago. He's starting for the Klondike tomorrow, and he's agreed to send a weekly letter and photos. I wouldn't let him get away till he promised. And the beauty of it is, that it doesn't cost us anything."</p>
            <p>The next Kit heard of the Klondike was when he dropped into the club that afternoon, and, in an alcove off the library, encountered his uncle.</p>
            <p>"Hello, avuncular relative," Kit greeted, sliding into a leather chair and spreading out his legs. "Won't you join me?"</p>
            <p>He ordered a cocktail, but the uncle contented himself with the thin native claret he invariably drank. He glanced with irritated disapproval at the cocktail, and on to his nephew's face. Kit saw a lecture gathering.</p>
            <p>"I've only a minute," he announced hastily. "I've got to run and take in that Keith exhibition at Ellery's and do half a column on it."</p>
            <p>"What's the matter with you?" the other demanded, disgruntled. "You're pale. You're a wreck."</p>
            <p>Kit's only answer was a groan.</p>
            <p>"I'll have the pleasure of burying you, I can see that."</p>
            <p>Kit shook his head sadly.</p>
            <p>"No destroying worm, thank you. Cremation for mine."</p>
            <p>John Bellew came of the old hard and hardy stock that had crossed the plains by ox-team in the fifties, and in him was this same hardness and the hardness of a childhood spent in the conquering of a new land.</p>
            <p>"You're not living right, Christopher,&#34; he said with disdain. &#34;I'm ashamed of you."</p>
            <p>"Primrose path, eh?" Kit chuckled.</p>
            <p>The older man shrugged his shoulders.</p>
            <p>"Shake not your gory locks at me, avuncular. I wish it were the primrose path. But that's all cut out. I have no time."</p>
            <p>"Then what in-?"</p>
            <p>"Overwork."</p>
            <p>John Bellew laughed harshly and incredulously.</p>
            <p>"Honest?"</p>
            <p>Again came the laughter.</p>
            <p>"Men are the products of their environment," Kit proclaimed, pointing at the other's glass. "Your mirth is thin and bitter as your drink."</p>
            <p>"Overwork!" he chastised. "You never earned a cent in your life."</p>
            <p>"You bet I have&#34;only I never got it. I'm earning five hundred a week right now, and doing four men's work."</p>
            <p>"Pictures that won't sell? Or&#34;er&#34;fancy work of some sort? Can you swim?"</p>
            <p>"I used to."</p>
            <p>"Sit a horse?"</p>
            <p>"I have essayed that adventure."</p>
            <p>John Bellew snorted his disgust.</p>
            <p>"I'm glad your father didn't live to see you in all the glory of your downright gracelessness," he said. "He would have told you you haven&#39;t accomplished anything in the arts."</p>
            <p>"Alas! these degenerate days," Kit sighed.</p>
            <p>"I could understand it, and tolerate it," the other went on savagely, "if you succeeded at it. You've never earned a cent in your life, nor done a tap of an adult's work."</p>
            <p>"Etchings, and pictures, and fans," Kit contributed unsoothingly.</p>
            <p>"You're a dabbler and a failure. What pictures have you painted? Dinky water-colours and nightmare posters. You've never had one exhibited, even here in San Francisco-"</p>
            <p>"Ah, you forget. There is one in the jinks room of this very club."</p>
            <p>"A gross cartoon. Music? Your dear fool of a mother spent hundreds on lessons. You've dabbled and failed. You've never even earned a five-dollar piece by accompanying some one at a concert. Your songs?&#34;rag-time rot that's never printed and that's sung only by a pack of fake Bohemians."</p>
            <p>"I had a book published once&#34;those sonnets, you remember," Kit interposed meekly.</p>
            <p>"What did it cost you?"</p>
            <p>"Only a couple of hundred."</p>
            <p>"Any other achievements?"</p>
            <p>"I had a forest play acted at the summer jinks."</p>
            <p>"What did you get for it?"</p>
            <p>"Glory."</p>
            <p>"And you used to swim, and you have essayed to sit a horse!" John Bellew set his glass down with unnecessary violence. "What earthly good are you anyway? You were well put up, yet even at university your grades were poor. You never won an election to a social club, or honor society. You didn't-"</p>
            <p>"I wrote a blurb for the school newspaper."</p>
            <p>"And was it well received?"</p>
            <p>"Not exactly; but I was almost considered for a column, only I was&#34;er-"</p>
            <p>"Go on."</p>
            <p>"Considered desultory."</p>
            <p>"Lazy, you mean."</p>
            <p>"I always imagined it was an euphemism."</p>
            <p>"My father, sir, your grandfather, old Isaac Bellew, killed a man with a blow of his fist when he was sixty-nine years old."</p>
            <p>"The man?"</p>
            <p>"No, your&#34;you graceless scamp! But you'll never kill a mosquito at sixty-nine."</p>
            <p>"The times have changed, oh, my avuncular. They send men to state prisons for knocking out people now."</p>
            <p>"Your father rode one hundred and eighty-five miles to the hospital when your brother was born, without sleeping. Killed three horses."</p>
            <p>"Had he lived today, he'd have snored over the course in a Pullman."</p>
            <p>The older man was on the verge of choking with wrath, but swallowed it down and managed to articulate:</p>
            <p>"How old are you?"</p>
            <p>"I have reason to believe-"</p>
            <p>"I know. Twenty-seven. You finished college at twenty-two. You've dabbled and played and frilled for five years. Before God and man, of what use are you? When I was your age I had one suit of underclothes. I was riding with the cattle in Colusa. I was hard as rocks, and I could sleep on a rock. I lived on jerked beef and bear meat. I am a better man physically right now than you are. You weigh about one hundred and sixty-five. I can throw you right now, or thrash you with my fists."</p>
            <p>"It doesn't take a physical prodigy to mop up cocktails or pink tea," Kit murmured deprecatingly. "Don't you see, my avuncular, this is a new era. Besides, I wasn't brought up right. My dear fool of a mother-"</p>
            <p>John Bellew started angrily.</p>
            <p>"-As you described her, was too good to me; kept me in cotton wool and all the rest. Now, if when I was a youngster I had taken some of those intensely exhilarating vacations you go in for&#34;I wonder why you didn't invite me sometimes? You took Hal and Robbie all over the Sierras and on that Mexico trip."</p>
            <p>"I guess you were too fond of home."</p>
            <p>"Your fault, avuncular, and my dear&#34;er&#34;mother's. How was I to know the hard? I was only a child. What was there left but etchings and pictures and fans? Was it my fault that I never had to sweat?"</p>
            <p>The older man looked at his nephew with unconcealed disgust. He had no patience with levity from the lips of softness.</p>
            <p>"Well, I'm going to take another one of those what-you-call exhilarating vacations. Suppose I asked you to come along?"</p>
            <p>"Rather belated, I must say. Where is it?"</p>
            <p>"Hal and Robert are going in to Klondike, and I'm going to see them across the Pass and down to the Lakes, then return-"</p>
            <p>He got no further, for the young man had sprung forward and gripped his hand.</p>
            <p>"My preserver!"</p>
            <p>John Bellew was immediately suspicious. He had not dreamed the invitation would be accepted.</p>
            <p>"You don't mean it," he said.</p>
            <p>"When do we embark?"</p>
            <p>"It will be a hard trip. You'll be in the way."</p>
            <p>"No, I won't. I'll work. I've learned to work since I went on the Billow."</p>
            <p>"Each man has to take a year's supplies in with him. There'll be such a jam the Indian packers won't be able to handle it. Hal and Robert will have to pack their outfits across themselves. That's what I'm going along for&#34;to help them pack. If you come you'll have to do the same."</p>
            <p>"Watch me."</p>
            <p>"You can't pack," was the objection.</p>
            <p>"When do we start?"</p>
            <p>"Tomorrow."</p>
            <p>"You needn't take it to yourself that your lecture on the hard has done it," Kit said, at parting. "I just had to get away, somewhere, anywhere, from O'Hara."</p>
            <p>"Who is O'Hara?</p>
            <p>"No; he's my boss, and a workaholic, and my best friend. He's the editor and proprietor and all-around big squeeze of the Billow. What he says goes. He can make ghosts walk."</p>
            <p>That night Kit Bellew wrote a note to O'Hara.</p>
            <p>"It's only a several weeks' vacation," he explained. "You'll have to get some gink to dope out installments for that serial. Sorry, old man, but my health demands it. I'll kick in twice as hard when I get back."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_2">II.</h2>
            <p>Kit Bellew landed through the madness of the Dyea beach, congested with thousand-pound outfits of thousands of men. This immense mass of luggage and food, flung ashore in mountains by the steamers, was beginning slowly to dribble up the Dyea valley and across Chilcoot. It was a portage of twenty-eight miles, and could be accomplished only on the backs of men. Despite the fact that the Indian packers had jumped the freight from eight cents a pound to forty, they were swamped with the work, and it was plain that winter would catch the major portion of the outfits on the wrong side of the divide.</p>
            <p>Tenderest of the tender-feet was Kit. Like many hundreds of others he carried a big revolver swung on a cartridge-belt. Of this, his uncle, filled with memories of old lawless days, was likewise guilty. But Kit Bellew was romantic. He was fascinated by the froth and sparkle of the gold rush, and viewed its life and movement with an artist's eye. He did not take it seriously. As he said on the steamer, it was not his funeral. He was merely on a vacation, and intended to peep over the top of the pass for a 'look see' and then to return.</p>
            <p>Leaving his party on the sand to wait for the putting ashore of the freight, he strolled up the beach toward the old trading post. He did not swagger, though he noticed that many of the be-revolvered individuals did. A strapping, six-foot Indian passed him, carrying an unusually large pack. Kit swung in behind, admiring the splendid calves of the man, and the grace and ease with which he moved along under his burden. The Indian dropped his pack on the scales in front of the post, and Kit joined the group of admiring gold-rushers who surrounded him. The pack weighed one hundred and twenty pounds, which fact was uttered back and forth in tones of awe. It was going some, Kit decided, and he wondered if he could lift such a weight, much less walk off with it.</p>
            <p>"Going to Lake Linderman with it, old man?" he asked.</p>
            <p>The Indian, swelling with pride, grunted an affirmative.</p>
            <p>"How much you make that one pack?"</p>
            <p>"Fifty dollar."</p>
            <p>Here Kit slid out of the conversation. A young woman, standing in the doorway, had caught his eye. Unlike other women landing from the steamers, she was neither short-skirted nor bloomer-clad. She was dressed as any woman travelling anywhere would be dressed. What struck him was the justness of her being there, a feeling that somehow she belonged. Moreover, she was young and pretty. The bright beauty and color of her oval face held him, and he looked over-long&#34;looked till she resented, and her own eyes, long-lashed and dark, met his in cool survey.</p>
            <p>From his face they travelled in evident amusement down to the big revolver at his thigh. Then her eyes came back to his, and in them was amused contempt. It struck him like a blow. She turned to the man beside her and indicated Kit. The man glanced him over with the same amused contempt.</p>
            <p>"Chechaquo," the woman said.</p>
            <p>The man, who looked like a tramp in his cheap overalls and dilapidated woollen jacket, grinned dryly, and Kit felt withered though he knew not why. But anyway she was an unusually pretty girl, he decided, as the two moved off. He noted the way of her walk, and recorded the judgment that he would recognize it after the lapse of a thousand years.</p>
            <p>"Did you see that man with the girl?" Kit's neighbour asked him excitedly. "Know who he is?"</p>
            <p>Kit shook his head.</p>
            <p>"Cariboo Charley. He was just pointed out to me. He struck it big on Klondike. Old timer. Been on the Yukon a dozen years. He's just come out."</p>
            <p>"What's chechaquo mean?" Kit asked.</p>
            <p>"You're one; I'm one," was the answer.</p>
            <p>"Maybe I am, but you've got to search me. What does it mean?"</p>
            <p>"Tender-foot."</p>
            <p>On his way back to the beach Kit turned the phrase over and over. It rankled to be called tender-foot by a slender chit of a woman.</p>
            <p>Going into a corner among the heaps of freight, his mind still filled with the vision of the Indian with the redoubtable pack, Kit essayed to learn his own strength. He picked out a sack of flour which he knew weighed an even hundred pounds. He stepped astride of it, reached down, and strove to get it on his shoulder. His first conclusion was that one hundred pounds was the real heavy. His next was that his back was weak. His third was an oath, and it occurred at the end of five futile minutes, when he collapsed on top of the burden with which he was wrestling. He mopped his forehead, and across a heap of grub-sacks saw John Bellew gazing at him, wintry amusement in his eyes.</p>
            <p>"God!" proclaimed that apostle of the hard. "Out of our loins has come a race of gaunt weaklings. When I was sixteen I toyed with things like that."</p>
            <p>"You forget, avuncular," Kit retorted, "that I wasn't raised on bear meat."</p>
            <p>"And I'll toy with it when I'm sixty."</p>
            <p>"You've got to show me."</p>
            <p>John Bellew did. He was forty-eight, but he bent over the sack, applied a tentative, shifting grip that balanced it, and, with a quick heave, stood erect, the somersaulted sack of flour on his shoulder.</p>
            <p>"Knack, my boy, knack&#34;and a spine."</p>
            <p>Kit took off his hat reverently.</p>
            <p>"You're an audacious wonder, avuncular, a shining wonder. D'ye think I can learn the knack?"</p>
            <p>John Bellew shrugged his shoulders.</p>
            <p>"You'll be hitting the back trail before we get started."</p>
            <p>"Never you fear," Kit groaned. "There's O'Hara, the roaring lion, down there. I'm not going back till I have to."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_3">III.</h2>
            <p>Kit's first pack was a success. Up to Finnegan's Crossing they had managed to get Indians to carry the twenty-five hundred-pound outfit. From that point their own backs must do the work. They planned to move forward at the rate of a mile a day. It looked easy&#34;on paper. Since John Bellew was to stay in camp and do the cooking, he would be unable to make more than an occasional pack; so, to each of the three young men fell the task of carrying eight hundred pounds one mile each day. If they made fifty-pound packs, it meant a daily walk of sixteen miles loaded and of fifteen miles light&#34;"Because we don't back-trip the last time," Kit explained the pleasant discovery; eighty-pound packs meant nineteen miles travel each day; and hundred-pound packs meant only fifteen miles.</p>
            <p>"I don't like walking," said Kit. "Therefore I shall carry one hundred pounds." He caught the grin of incredulity on his uncle's face, and added hastily: "Of course I shall work up to it. A</p>
            <p>fellow's got to learn the ropes and tricks. I'll start with fifty."</p>
            <p>He did, and ambled gaily along the trail. He dropped the sack at the next camp-site and ambled back. It was easier than he had thought. But two miles had rubbed off the velvet of his strength and exposed the underlying softness. His second pack was sixty-five pounds. It was more difficult, and he no longer ambled. Several times, following the custom of all packers, he sat down on the ground, resting the pack behind him on a rock or stump. With the third pack he became bold. He fastened the straps to a ninety-five-pound sack of beans and started. At the end of a hundred yards he felt that he must collapse. He sat down and mopped his face.</p>
            <p>"Short hauls and short rests," he muttered. "That's the trick."</p>
            <p>Sometimes he did not make a hundred yards, and each time he struggled to his feet for another short haul the pack became undeniably heavier. He panted for breath, and the sweat streamed from him. Before he had covered a quarter of a mile he stripped off his woollen shirt and hung it on a tree. A little later he discarded his hat. At the end of half a mile he decided he was finished. He had never exerted himself so in his life, and he knew that he was finished. As he sat and panted, his gaze fell upon the big revolver and the heavy cartridge-belt.</p>
            <p>"Ten pounds of junk," he sneered, as he unbuckled it.</p>
            <p>He did not bother to hang it on a tree, but flung it into the underbush. And as the steady tide of packers flowed by him, up trail and down, he noted that the other tender-feet were beginning to shed their shooting irons.</p>
            <p>His short hauls decreased. At times a hundred feet was all he could stagger, and then the ominous pounding of his heart against his ear-drums and the sickening totteriness of his knees compelled him to rest. And his rests grew longer. But his mind was busy. It was a twenty-eight mile portage, which represented as many days, and this, by all accounts, was the easiest part of it. "Wait till you get to Chilcoot," others told him as they rested and talked, "where you climb with hands and feet."</p>
            <p>"They ain't going to be no Chilcoot," was his answer. "Not for me. Long before that I'll be at peace in my little couch beneath the moss."</p>
            <p>A slip, and a violent wrenching effort at recovery, frightened him. He felt that everything inside him had been torn asunder.</p>
            <p>"If ever I fall down with this on my back I'm a goner," he told another packer.</p>
            <p>"That's nothing," came the answer. "Wait till you hit the Canyon. You'll have to cross a raging torrent on a sixty-foot pine tree. No guide ropes, nothing, and the water boiling at the sag of the log to your knees. If you fall with a pack on your back, there's no getting out of the straps. You just stay there and drown."</p>
            <p>"Sounds good to me," he retorted gloomily; and out of the depths of his exhaustion he almost half meant it.</p>
            <p>"They drown three or four a day there," the man assured him. "I helped fish a German out there. He had four thousand in greenbacks on him."</p>
            <p>"Cheerful, I must say," said Kit, battling his way to his feet and tottering on.</p>
            <p>He and the sack of beans became a perambulating tragedy. It reminded him of the old man of the sea who sat on Sinbad's neck. And this was one of those intensely exhilarating vacations, he meditated. Compared with it, the servitude to O'Hara was sweet. Again and again he was nearly seduced by the thought of abandoning the sack of beans in the brush and of sneaking around the camp to the beach and catching a steamer for civilization.</p>
            <p>But he didn't. Somewhere in him was the strain of the hard, and he repeated over and over to himself that what other men could do, he could. It became a nightmare chant, and he gibbered it to those that passed him on the trail. At other times, resting, he watched and envied the stolid, mule-footed Indians that plodded by under heavier packs. They never seemed to rest, but went on and on with a steadiness and certitude that was to him appalling.</p>
            <p>He sat and cursed&#34;he had no breath for it when under way&#34;and fought the temptation to sneak back to San Francisco. Before the mile pack was ended he ceased cursing and took to crying. The tears were tears of exhaustion and of disgust with self. If ever a man was a wreck, he was. As the end of the pack came in sight, he strained himself in desperation, gained the campsite, and pitched forward on his face, the beans on his back. It did not kill him, but he lay for fifteen minutes before he could summon sufficient shreds of strength to release himself from the straps. Then he became deathly sick, and was so found by Robbie, who had similar troubles of his own. It was this sickness of Robbie that braced him up.</p>
            <p>"What other men can do, we can do," Kit told him with authority, though down in his heart he wondered whether or not he was bluffing.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_4">IV.</h2>
            <p>"And I am twenty-seven years old and strong," he privately assured himself many times in the days that followed. There was need for it. At the end of a week, though he had succeeded in moving his eight hundred pounds forward a mile a day, he had lost fifteen pounds of his own weight. His face was lean and haggard. All resilience had gone out of his body and mind. He no longer walked, but plodded. And on the back-trips, travelling light, his feet dragged almost as much as when he was loaded.</p>
            <p>He had become a work animal. He fell asleep over his food, and his sleep was heavy and beastly, save when he was aroused, screaming with agony, by the cramps in his legs. Every part of him ached. He tramped on raw blisters, yet this was even easier than the fearful bruising his feet received on the water-rounded rocks of the Dyea Flats, across which the trail led for two miles. These two miles represented thirty-eight miles of travelling. He washed his face once a day. His nails, torn and broken and afflicted with hangnails, were never cleaned. His shoulders and chest, galled by the pack-straps, made him think, and for the first time with understanding, of the horses he had seen on city streets.</p>
            <p>One ordeal that nearly destroyed him at first had been the food. The extraordinary amount of work demanded extraordinary stoking, and his stomach was unaccustomed to great quantities of bacon and of the coarse, highly poisonous brown beans. As a result, his stomach went back on him, and for several days the excruciating pain and irritation of it and of starvation nearly broke him down. And then came the day of joy when he could eat like a ravenous animal, and, wolf-eyed, ask for more.</p>
            <p>When they had moved the outfit across the foot-logs at the mouth of the Canyon, they made a change in their plans. Word had come across the Pass that at Lake Linderman the last available trees for building boats were being cut. The two cousins, with tools, whipsaw, blankets, and grub on their backs, went on, leaving Kit and his uncle to hustle along the outfit. John Bellew now shared the cooking with Kit, and both packed shoulder to shoulder. Time was flying, and on the peaks the first snow was falling. To be caught on the wrong side of the Pass meant a delay of nearly a year. The older man put his iron back under a hundred pounds. Kit was shocked, but he gritted his teeth and fastened his own straps to a hundred pounds. It hurt, but he had learned the knack, and his body, purged of all softness and fat, was beginning to harden up with lean and bitter muscle. Also, he observed and devised. He took note of the head-straps worn by the Indians, and manufactured one for himself, which he used in addition to the shoulder-straps. It made things easier, so that he began the practice of piling any light, cumbersome piece of luggage on top. Thus, he was soon able to bend along with a hundred pounds in the straps, fifteen or twenty more lying loosely on top the pack and against his neck, an axe or a pair of oars in one hand, and in the other the nested cooking-pails of the camp.</p>
            <p>But work as they would, the toil increased. The trail grew more rugged; their packs grew heavier; and each day saw the snow-line dropping down the mountains, while freight jumped to sixty cents. No word came from the cousins beyond, so they knew they must be at work chopping down the standing trees, and whipsawing them into boat-planks. John Bellew grew anxious. Capturing a bunch of Indians back-tripping from Lake Linderman, he persuaded them to put their straps on the outfit. They charged thirty cents a pound to carry it to the summit of Chilcoot, and it nearly broke him. As it was, some four hundred pounds of clothes-bags and camp outfit was not handled. He remained behind to move it along, dispatching Kit with the Indians. At the summit Kit was to remain, slowly moving his ton until overtaken by the four hundred pounds with which his uncle guaranteed to catch him.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_5">V.</h2>
            <p>Kit plodded along the grueling trail with his Indian packers. In recognition of the fact that it was to be a long pack, straight to the top of Chilcoot, his own load was only eighty pounds. The Indians plodded under their loads, but it was a quicker gait than he had practised. Yet he felt no apprehension, and by now had come to deem himself almost the equal of an Indian.</p>
            <p>At the end of a quarter of a mile he desired to rest. But the Indians kept on. He stayed with them, and kept his place in the line. At the half mile he was convinced that he had lost all his stamina, and was incapable of another step, yet he gritted his teeth, kept his place, and at the end of the mile was amazed that he was still alive. Then, in some strange way, came the thing called second wind, and the next mile was almost easier than the first. The third mile nearly killed him, and, though half delirious with pain and fatigue, he never whimpered. And then, when he felt he must surely faint, came the rest. Instead of sitting in the straps, as was the custom of the white packers, the Indians slipped out of the shoulder- and head-straps and lay at ease, talking and smoking. A full half hour passed before they made another start. To Kit's surprise he found himself a fresh man, and 'long hauls and long rests' became his newest motto.</p>
            <p>The pitch of Chilcoot was all he had heard of it, and many were the occasions when he climbed with hands as well as feet. But when he reached the crest of the divide in the thick of a driving snow-squall, it was in the company of his Indians, and his secret pride was that he had come through with them and never squealed and never lagged. To be almost as good as an Indian was a new ambition to cherish.</p>
            <p>When he had paid off the Indians and seen them depart, a stormy darkness was falling, and he was left alone, a thousand feet above timber line, on the back-bone of a mountain. Wet to the waist, famished and exhausted, he would have given a year's income for a fire and a cup of coffee. Instead, he ate half a dozen cold flap-jacks and crawled into the folds of the partly unrolled tent. As he dozed off he had time only for one fleeting thought, and he grinned with vicious pleasure at the picture of John Bellew in the days to follow, back-tripping his four hundred pounds up Chilcoot. As for himself, even though burdened with two</p>
            <p>thousand pounds, he was bound down the hill.</p>
            <p>In the morning, stiff from his labors and numb with the frost, he rolled out of the canvas, ate a couple of pounds of uncooked bacon, buckled the straps on a hundred pounds, and went down the rocky way. Several hundred yards beneath, the trail led across a small glacier and down to Crater Lake. Other men packed across the glacier. All that day he dropped his packs at the glacier's upper edge, and, by virtue of the shortness of the pack, he put his straps on one hundred and fifty pounds each load. His astonishment at being able to do it never abated. For two dollars he bought from an Indian three leathery sea-biscuits, and out of these, and a huge quantity of raw bacon, made several meals. Unwashed, unwarmed, his clothing wet with sweat, he slept another night in the canvas.</p>
            <p>In the early morning he spread a tarpaulin on the ice, loaded it with three-quarters of a ton, and started to pull. Where the pitch of the glacier accelerated, his load likewise accelerated, overran him, scooped him in on top, and ran away with him.</p>
            <p>A hundred packers, bending under their loads, stopped to watch him. He yelled frantic warnings, and those in his path stumbled and staggered clear. Below, on the lower edge of the glacier, was pitched a small tent, which seemed leaping toward him, so rapidly did it grow larger. He left the beaten track where the packers' trail swerved to the left, and struck a patch of fresh snow. This arose about him in frosty smoke, while it reduced his speed. He saw the tent the instant he struck it, carrying away the corner guys, bursting in the front flaps, and fetching up inside, still on top of the tarpaulin and in the midst of his grub-sacks. The tent rocked drunkenly, and in the frosty vapour he found himself face to face with a startled young woman who was sitting up in her blankets&#34;the very one who had called him chechaquo at Dyea.</p>
            <p>"Did you see my smoke?" he queried cheerfully.</p>
            <p>She regarded him with disapproval.</p>
            <p>"Talk about your magic carpets!" he went on.</p>
            <p>"Do you mind removing that sack from my foot?" she said coldly.</p>
            <p>He looked, and lifted his weight quickly.</p>
            <p>"It wasn't a sack. It was my elbow. Pardon me."</p>
            <p>The information did not perturb her, and her coolness was a challenge.</p>
            <p>"It was a mercy you did not overturn the stove," she said.</p>
            <p>He followed her glance and saw a sheet-iron stove and a coffee-pot, attended by a young Indian [a][b]girl. He sniffed the coffee and looked back to the girl.</p>
            <p>"I'm a chechaquo," he said.</p>
            <p>Her bored expression told him that he was stating the obvious. But he was unabashed.</p>
            <p>"I've shed my shooting-irons," he added.</p>
            <p>Then she recognized him, and her eyes lighted.</p>
            <p>"I never thought you'd get this far," she informed him.</p>
            <p>Again, and greedily, he sniffed the air.</p>
            <p>"As I live, coffee!" He turned and directly addressed her. "I'll give you my little finger&#34;cut it right off now; I'll do anything; I'll be your servant for a year and a day or any other odd time, if you'll give me a cup out of that pot."</p>
            <p>And over the coffee he gave his name and learned hers&#34;Joy Gastell. Also, he learned that she was an old-timer in the country. She had been born in a trading post on the Great Slave, and as a child had crossed the Rockies with her father and come down to the Yukon. She was going in, she said, with her father, who had been delayed by business in Seattle, and who had then been wrecked on the ill-fated Chanter and carried back to Puget Sound by the rescuing steamer.</p>
            <p>In view of the fact that she was still in her blankets, he did not make it a long conversation, and, heroically declining a second cup of coffee, he removed himself and his quarter of a ton of baggage from her tent. Further, he took several conclusions away with him: she had a fetching name and fetching eyes; could not be more than twenty, or twenty-one or -two; her father must be French; she had a will of her own and temperament to burn; and she had been educated elsewhere than on the frontier.</p>
            <p>Over the ice-scoured rocks, and above the timber-line, the trail ran around Crater Lake and gained the rocky defile that led toward Happy Camp and the first scrub pines. To pack his heavy outfit around would take days of heart-breaking toil. On the lake was a canvas boat employed in freighting. Two trips with it, in two hours, would see him and his ton across. But he was broke, and the ferryman charged forty dollars a ton.</p>
            <p>"You've got a gold-mine, my friend, in that dinky boat," Kit said to the ferryman. "Do you want another gold-mine?"</p>
            <p>"Show me," was the answer.</p>
            <p>"I'll sell it to you for the price of ferrying my outfit. It's an idea, not patented, and you can jump the deal as soon as I tell you it. Are you game?"</p>
            <p>The ferryman said he was, and Kit liked his looks.</p>
            <p>"Very well. You see that glacier. Take a pick-axe and wade into it. In a day you can have a decent groove from top to bottom. See the point? The Chilcoot and Crater Lake Consolidated Chute Corporation, Limited. You can charge fifty cents a hundred, get a hundred tons a day, and have no work to do but collect the coin."</p>
            <p>Two hours later, Kit's ton was across the lake, and he had gained three days on himself. And when John Bellew overtook him, he was well along toward Deep Lake, another volcanic pit filled with glacial water.</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_6">VI.</h2>
            <p>The last pack, from Long Lake to Linderman, was three miles, and the trail, if trail it could be called, rose up over a thousand-foot hogback, dropped down a scramble of slippery rocks, and crossed a wide stretch of swamp. John Bellew remonstrated when he saw Kit arise with a hundred pounds in the straps and pick up a fifty-pound sack of flour and place it on top of the pack against the back of his neck.</p>
            <p>"Come on, you chunk of the hard," Kit retorted. "Kick in on your bear meat fodder and your one suit of underclothes."</p>
            <p>But John Bellew shook his head.</p>
            <p>"I'm afraid I'm getting old, Christopher."</p>
            <p>"You're only forty-eight. Do you realize that my grandfather, sir, your father, old Isaac Bellew, knocked out a robber with his fist when he was sixty-nine years old?"</p>
            <p>John Bellew grinned and swallowed his medicine.</p>
            <p>"Avuncular, I want to tell you something important. I was raised to love simple pleasures, but I can outpack you, outwalk you&#34;I am far stronger than you are right now."</p>
            <p>John Bellew thrust out his hand and spoke solemnly.</p>
            <p>"Christopher, my boy, I believe you can do it. I believe you can do it with that pack on your back at the same time. You've evolved, boy, though it's too unthinkable to believe."</p>
            <p>Kit made the round trip of the last pack four times a day, which is to say that he daily covered twenty-four miles of mountain climbing, twelve miles of it under one hundred and fifty pounds. He was proud, hard, and tired, but in splendid physical condition. He ate and slept as he had never eaten and slept in his life, and as the end of the work came in sight, he was almost half sorry.</p>
            <p>Then they reached the swamp. Each trail through was quickly churned bottomless by the thousands of packers, who were compelled continually to make new trails. It was in the pioneering of one of these new trails that the soft, lush surface gave way under him; he floundered, and pitched forward on his face. The fifty pounds on the back of his neck crushed his face in the mud and went clear without snapping his neck, as he thought it might do. With the remaining hundred pounds on his back, he arose on hands and knees. But he got no farther. One arm sank to the shoulder, pillowing his cheek in the slush. As he drew this arm clear, the other sank to the shoulder. In this position it was impossible to slip the straps, and the hundredweight on his back would not let him rise. On hands and knees, sinking first one arm and then the other, he made an effort to crawl to where the small sack of flour had fallen. But he exhausted himself without advancing, and so churned and broke the grass surface, that a tiny pool of water began to form in perilous proximity to his mouth and nose.</p>
            <p>He tried to throw himself on his back with the pack underneath, but this resulted in sinking both arms to the shoulders and gave him a foretaste of drowning. With exquisite patience, he slowly withdrew one sucking arm and then the other and rested them flat on the surface for the support of his chin. Then he began to call for help. After a time he heard the sound of feet sucking through the mud as some one advanced from behind.</p>
            <p>"Lend a hand, friend," he said. "Throw out a life-line or something."</p>
            <p>It was a woman's voice that answered, and he recognized it.</p>
            <p>"If you'll unbuckle the straps I can get up."</p>
            <p>The hundred pounds rolled into the mud with a soggy noise, and he slowly gained his feet.</p>
            <p>"A pretty predicament," Miss Gastell laughed, at sight of his mud-covered face.</p>
            <p>"Not at all," he replied airily. "My favourite physical exercise stunt. Try it sometime. It's great for the pectoral muscles and the spine."He wiped his face, flinging the slush from his hand with a snappy jerk.</p>
            <p>"Oh!" she cried in recognition. "It's Mr&#34;ah&#34;Mr Smoke Bellew."</p>
            <p>"I thank you gravely for your timely rescue and for that name," he answered. "I have been doubly baptized. Henceforth I shall insist always on being called Smoke Bellew. It is a strong name, and not without significance."</p>
            <p>He paused, and then voice and expression became suddenly fierce.</p>
            <p>"Do you know what I'm going to do?" he demanded. "I'm going back to the States. I am going to get married. I am going to raise a large family of children. And then, as the evening shadows fall, I shall gather those children about me and relate the sufferings and hardships I endured on the Chilcoot Trail. And if they don't cry&#34;I repeat, if they don't cry, I'll take them on the longest hike of their lives."</p>

            <h2 class="chapter_7">VII.</h2>
            <p>The arctic winter came down apace. Snow that had come to stay lay six inches on the ground, and the ice was forming in quiet ponds, despite the fierce gales that blew. It was in the late afternoon, during a lull in such a gale, that Kit and John Bellew helped the cousins load the boat and watched it disappear down the lake in a snow-squall.</p>
            <p>"And now a night's sleep and an early start in the morning," said John Bellew. "If we aren't storm-bound at the summit we'll make Dyea tomorrow night, and if we have luck in catching a steamer we'll be in San Francisco in a week."</p>
            <p>"Enjoyed your vacation?" Kit asked absently.</p>
            <p>Their camp for that last night at Linderman was a melancholy remnant. Everything of use, including the tent, had been taken by the cousins. A tattered tarpaulin, stretched as a windbreak, partially sheltered them from the driving snow. Supper they cooked on an open fire in a couple of battered and discarded camp utensils. All that was left them were their blankets, and food for several meals.</p>
            <p>From the moment of the departure of the boat, Kit had become absent and restless. His uncle noticed his condition, and attributed it to the fact that the end of the hard toil had come. Only once during supper did Kit speak.</p>
            <p>"Avuncular," he said, relevant of nothing, "after this, I wish you'd call me Smoke. I've made some smoke on this trail, haven't I?"</p>
            <p>A few minutes later he wandered away in the direction of the village of tents that sheltered the gold-rushers who were still packing or building their boats. He was gone several hours, and when he returned and slipped into his blankets John Bellew was asleep.</p>
            <p>In the darkness of a gale-driven morning, Kit crawled out, built a fire in his stocking feet, by which he thawed out his frozen shoes, then boiled coffee and fried bacon. It was a chilly, miserable meal. As soon as finished, they strapped their blankets. As John Bellew turned to lead the way toward the Chilcoot Trail, Kit held out his hand.</p>
            <p>"Good-bye, avuncular," he said.</p>
            <p>John Bellew looked at him and swore in his surprise.</p>
            <p>"Don't forget my name's Smoke," Kit chided.</p>
            <p>"But what are you going to do?"</p>
            <p>Kit waved his hand in a general direction northward over the storm-lashed lake.</p>
            <p>"What's the good of turning back after getting this far?" he asked.</p>
            <p>"Besides, I've got my taste of life, and I like it. I'm going on."</p>
            <p>"You're broke," protested John Bellew. "You have no outfit."</p>
            <p>"I've got a job. Behold your nephew, Christopher Smoke Bellew! He's got a job at a hundred and fifty per month and grub. He's going down to Dawson with a couple of dudes and another gentleman's man&#34;camp-cook, boatman, and general all-around hustler. And O'Hara and the Billow can go to hell. Good-bye."</p>
            <p>But John Bellew was dazed, and could only mutter: "I don't understand."</p>
            <p>"They say the baldface grizzlies are thick in the Yukon Basin," Kit explained. "Well, I've got only one suit of underclothes, and I'm going after the bear meat, that's all."</p>
        </div>
    </div>
</body>

</html>
